I was bullied at my former place of work by a woman who went from being my team leader (where we got along very well) to being my supervisor. She would almost daily critique and nitpick my work to death, ignore me and not make eye contact with me in meetings with my team, yell at me for mistakes I had made that were small but tell me they could cost the company hundreds of thousands of dollars, place incredibly loud employees directly behind me as though she wanted to distract and hinder my work, tell me lies to my face about things my teammates had said about me, the list goes on and one.', "When I finally asked her why she was bullying me she told me I wasn't good at my job, that my clients were complaining about me, that I should be working faster, that I did the very minimum of work that I could, that my phone conversations with clients sounded terrible, etc.—all lies.", 'I quit that very day realizing there was no point in staying because I could no longer work for a bully who saw me as a hindrance to the company when in fact I was an asset. Since I left two years ago approximately fifteen others in my same department have also quit because of her but no one in corporate seems to care that she is the person driving good hardworking employees like me away.', "I'm having a hard time getting her out of my head as this was the worst experience of my life. But I know I'm better off being away from that toxic environment and toxic woman. The only thing I can figure is that she was jealous of me. I had a lot of friends there, people respected and liked me and I consider myself to be reasonably okay looking with a lot going for me, none of which could be said about her.", 'Hateful people are ugly.
I was bullied at my former place of work by a woman who went from being my team leader (where we got along very well) to being my supervisor. She would almost daily critique and nitpick my work to death, ignore me and not make eye contact with me in meetings with my team, yell at me for mistakes I had made that were small but tell me they could cost the company hundreds of thousands of dollars, place incredibly loud employees directly behind me as though she wanted to distract and hinder my work, tell me lies to my face about things my teammates had said about me, the list goes on and one.', "When I finally asked her why she was bullying me she told me I wasn't good at my job, that my clients were complaining about me, that I should be working faster, that I did the very minimum of work that I could, that my phone conversations with clients sounded terrible, etc.—all lies.", 'I quit that very day realizing there was no point in staying because I could no longer work for a bully who saw me as a hindrance to the company when in fact I was an asset. Since I left two years ago approximately fifteen others in my same department have also quit because of her but no one in corporate seems to care that she is the person driving good hardworking employees like me away.', "I'm having a hard time getting her out of my head as this was the worst experience of my life. But I know I'm better off being away from that toxic environment and toxic woman. The only thing I can figure is that she was jealous of me. I had a lot of friends there, people respected and liked me and I consider myself to be reasonably okay looking with a lot going for me, none of which could be said about her.", 'Hateful people are ugly.
I was a frequent contributor to this site and yes, I understand many of the terms 'the world' uses out there to defend their own actions.", "If we are to hold our own against them it is important to recognize the 'pattern' of the modern bully.", "First, a bully is a 20th Century term. Let's understand the why of aggressive persons:", "They are Absolute Relativists. The 'carved out' in their mind how to best get along 'in the world.'", "Well, that doesn't sound bad. We should get along out in 'the world.' It is the principle for any who have faith in 'The God.'", "The problem: the Absolute Relativist does not want to live as God says to live. Way back in the 20th Century, about the mid-1960s, there came a 'do your own thing' creed or a man-made 'religion' for those weak in faith in God called Secularism. The basic premise of this 'religious' cult is first: No Authority, live free of all rules, nothing is right or wrong, do your own thing, whatever makes you happy. (We know the spirit that was whispering these things to ", 'inexperienced minds. ie: immature minds) ', "It took time but eventually the Absolute Relativistic thinking was firmly entrenched and 'the only wrong' were those who said, hey, this is wrong. The relativist tossed out Absolute Truth, ie: a Supreme God 'unseen.' The Absolute Relativist learned how to get along with most and thus be 'popular.' It included ", "their own children as they 'built up their children's esteem' NEVER getting angry with any action but 'relativizing' it... oh you didn't fail math, that's a bad teacher. It's not your fault the window got broken, WOW that was a good hit with the bat... well done. (Who cares if you ignored the rule of playing ball in the street.) ", "Don't ever say anything is wrong if you are a relativist. The 'relativist' can call the thou shalt and shalt nots since the relativist has made themselves into a little god.", "When this adult relativist smiles pretty, speaks politely (for their purpose when it suits them, and follows the crowd of popular opinion, THE WORK OF THINKING gets tossed) The relativist finds they can be promoted up 'by the boss' / they can get the praise they crave by being agreeable to anything / but then doing their own thing.", "The Relativist is a 'sophisticated' schoolyard bully who finds their strength in 'numbers' of others who will play with them, as long as they 'go along' with ", "actions of any old type, that are wrong actions as it relates to faith in 'the God' they can't see. Just get along, make money, and do not be 'offensive.' (and avoid the pew where they might hear that we do need to correct 'brother' in their attitudes of S-I-N. Sin? Did I say that? SIN (S-elf I-ndulgent N-ature) ceases to exist.", "When such truth ceases to exist, anyone who asks a question of such Relativists, wants to discuss an idea, or seems a 'threat' to the Relativistic 'easy'", 'life, the RELATIVIST will scream down, shut down, ostracize, make this other feel they are the wrong ones. The Relativist seeks to push the authentically good soul from their self-made easy world, no different than the playground bully of childhood wanted the good one to leave the playground.', "When objective truth ceases to be (aka God) bullying will be the way. Except they won't call it bullying, they will call it being assertive.
I thought everything was fine. Then in one week, I was asked four times if I wanted a line transfer. I asked one of my supervisors what was going on and she said that she thinks I don't like my job anymore. Far from it, I actually care about my role! So I asked my other supervisor and he said you don't seem your happy self since your mom died!", "They have gone behind my back and asked management to move me, which they are but don't know where to put me. It's really upsetting and I can't sleep at night.", 'Any advice would be much appreciated!
I work for a small company that was recently acquired by a larger company. I reported sexual harassment to my supervisor in 2018 then said don't worry I will handle it. The person was made my immediate supervisor. He has continued to harass me and retaliate against me as he has been given more and more responsibility.", "To complicate the matter, he does drugs in the office, is sleeping with another woman, and he's married. He also has stolen commissions from his coworkers. I told the company that recently acquired my company and it has been almost 6 weeks since the complaint.", "I am now being retaliated against by everyone in my office with the exception of 2 people. I am a woman and work for a company that has 12 males and 1 female. I have to work remote as I don't want to be in the office around him.", 'I have been with the company longer than anyone in my department and make more money for the company than all of my coworkers combined. This person is much younger than me and was given the supervisory position with the worse attendance in the company. His manager is fully aware of everything he is doing and turns a blind eye.', "I re-contacted HR and told them about the retaliation and was told it's open enrolment right now for insurance we are sorry we are following up on your complaint. He is at work every day and this is not fair. I love going to my office however with the situation the way it is I can't. I feel like I'm living in the twilight zone. I feel like this is being done to me on purpose to get me to leave.
I am a 40-year-old executive who takes pride in his work and workplace. I work in a hotel and I take pride in my work and ensure that I achieve what is expected of me.', 'This instance happened recently when we receive an infringement for one of our cars in the fleet. This is nothing out of the blue and has happened in the past. I was sent an email by our finance team to look into this. Within half an hour of receiving the email, I found the respective person and nominated him for the fine.', "The next day, the owner rep (whom I don't report to and is not my boss) found this and came to see me in my office. He asked to see all the transportation logs, maintenance logs, SOP for the issue of the car, etc. This is something that I was never asked for or was told that it is a requirement. This instance took place in the back office and a CCTV was placed right at the entrance that captured the entire scenario. I advised the rep that we have never prepared these logs and reports and was never asked to do so. The owner rep did not listen to me and called the financial controller in the back office. Within minutes his behavior changed, he started raising his voice and started being aggressive towards me. He was waving his finger at me and continued to come closer to me when I was moving backwards. I said that I am feeling threatened, but he did not stop.", 'Soon he left the office, and I was there thinking what just happened. Thankfully, the HR came to see me asking something and I ended up explaining everything to her. I was not in the right frame of mind and did not know what was happening. The entire day I kept on thinking about the incident, did not even share with my wife as I thought it will go away as rep must be having a bad day.', 'I was wrong, it did not stop there. The owner continued to harass me via emails and did not stop. It is then I decided to raise the complaint. My immediate manager was on leave, so a meeting was arranged with the Regional HR Manager. After sharing my concern, she asked me to go home, and I declined. I still came to work and did my job and all I asked them is to get this guy off my back. My immediate manager has another week before he came back to work.', 'After the weekend, I thought HR or senior management would be in touch with me, but I was wrong. No one checked on me, and here I was trying to be professional. The entire week passed, and my manager came back on Monday. He asked about me and what exactly happened. Later in the evening I received a call from Regional HR and Regional manager and I felt it was a pity call. I did tell them about how I was feeling, and I did not shy away from the fact that I felt ignored as neither of them made an effort to contact me.', 'During the call, Regional HR advised that she will be onsite soon, which she did. I had a meeting with her and explained her everything and also showed her the footage of the incident.', 'I am not sure what are they going to do and what is going to happen as the owner rep is not employed by the organization I work for. Maybe it was a tactic to show they cared, or maybe it was real. I should have gone to fair work and raised a complaint against this respective person.', "I am now feeling better and have started to look for jobs as I don't feel safe, appreciated, or valued being a part of this company.
I was a victim of an unpleasant female bully while studying for an Art and Graphic Design course at a local college. At the time that it occurred, I was unaware of the student’s motives, but still deal with anger about her cruel behaviour. Her hostility steadily increased, to the point where learning became untenable.', 'The bullying began on a day when we had been trained in using cameras for photography. I had checked through the viewfinder, and framed up some images. I was suddenly aware of her shouting, “Go away” in a loud voice, even though I hadn’t taken any photos. From that point, for reasons I have been unable to fathom, her passive hostility got worse.', 'She accused me of “creeping” around her, when I had attempted to make amicable conversation. On another occasion, when I professed that I needed more training in the use of computers, she interjected that I “should be shot”.', 'Later on, when we were working in the same room, she shouted, “Don’t touch my stuff”, even though I had no intention of interfering with her work.', 'On my final day at the college, I was called back to the art room, only to have her say, “Haven’t you gone yet?”', 'Unfortunately, for my own reasons, I decided not to pursue the Graphic course into the second year. She therefore evaded any kind of challenge on my part. In hindsight, I think she may have been in cahoots with another female student who was jealous of my work.', 'I would urge anyone experiences this type of behaviour to keep a written log, and not allow the bully to escape unpunished – if only for your own sense of self-worth.
I was a victim of indirect bullying during early lockdown. My job had begun to feel isolated anyway. Heard myself being referred to as Queer (MY Name). Queer meaning odd in my case. Oh, how I hate that term. My main nemesis was senior disability nurse.', "They look after adults with intellectual disabilities - showed a lot of empathy, didn't they. Also nasty rumours were spread, and they said I would only dress nicely if I was trying to impress someone I fancied. Now I am a happily married middle-aged woman, therefore I would consider this slander.", 'My work was criticized behind my back. Unfairly sometimes and never to my face to give me a chance to defend myself.', 'Was afraid to report, but I knew the manager knew. I did document and date incidents.', "Overheard manager telling staff one morning she had never liked me anyway, then listed out my perceived faults. I was devastated. Soldiered on anyway, but one day I heard her tell another nurse she couldn't stand me, and she couldn't wait for me ti go. Remember I had done nothing wrong.", 'That was the last straw for me. Shortly after I confronted the manager in the hall, ( maybe foolish) but at least plenty staff members learned what I thought of her. I told her she had mismanaged - and I believe so. I did not use language. She pretended to be surprised and denied everything.', 'I left. Have a tiny amount of hours with another company in the same town.', 'Trouble is, even 15 months on, I think my name is mud in the town. I believe she and maybe more of them spread ridiculous rumours about me, some did come back to my kids from their friends. I am suffering very much knowing lots of people believe these rumours. I have heard the whispers of staff in shops, and am even treated badly when shopping sometimes.l have a few bad days every week thinking about it.l was always a bit shy, now I almost have a phobia about leaving my house.
Right from the get-go, an unqualified trainee made it very clear that I as the senior, very experienced scientist, I was to be be of use only when it suited.', 'Now I am ignored, dismissed, ridiculed and mocked.', 'I have provided such a high standard of training, still ongoing, that the colleague who can now perform many tasks, with the backing of the line manager, who adds to the bullying by biased conduct and treatment, historically the situation with the contracted competent seniors in this department, whom have been targeted by this line manager, no discussion with me, the senior, but acts totally as if she is the one in charge.', 'This has been commented on by other departments but the voracious attitude if confronted that I experience even when meted out to others with almost hysteria is brushed under the carpet.', 'I am only of use if it is totally necessary.', 'Otherwise, I am ignored but am subjected to non-stop unending daily micromanagement of my every move, and daily ordering around.', 'Talks to herself nonstop and announcing every move in between umming and umming as if I have NO right to peace and security.', 'I cannot even get a chance to hear my own thoughts or complete a task or at times even hear consultants and patients on the phone.', 'A constant barrage of abuse as it is unwarranted, not requested, and I have no autonomy in my workspace.', 'The only freedom from bullying is during 3 break-times taken by colleagues, with no question or pleasantry to meet needs of the department, eg I’m going is there anything I could do first or needs doing now, is that OK…', 'This when only lunch break is contractual others discretionary and therefore should be taken with my joint discussion.
I was teamed up with a person to do QA for my last project. Within a week, I realized my teammate was a liar and manipulator. She told the manager that I was not giving her any work to do after I refused to do her work for her. He actually got on me about it in a meeting. Didn't ask me what was going on or anything. He just assumed she was telling the truth. It got worse as time went on. She called every day, all day. If I didn't answer, she would call back. She began mirroring me, my speech, and trying to get me to send her pictures of things I bought myself and of my home. She was even bullying another co-worker at the meetings. No one else said anything, but I addressed her after the meetings about it. She wanted me to take her side, but I did not. She even bragged about not getting fired and how she could do anything. All true. It seemed as if management was avoiding the issues.", "The bully's rampage continued with me as her target and her attacks were evolving. At some point, she was angry with one of the co-workers because he continued to talk to me. She accused me of sleeping with him and said if he ever invites me to his home, she will take a box cutter up there. She then accused him of being a serial killer. ", 'Her behavior was out there. She called me one evening to degrade me about my work profile picture. She even called me another day to say she was staring at my picture. She tried to instigate an argument between me and a co-worker...the guy I mentioned above and would get mad whenever this guy discussed business with me at a meeting. Meanwhile, another co-worker who liked this guy helped her spread lies.', "I was going to management, but I don't know if he was afraid of her or was just avoiding the situation. I thought about going to HR, but I researched that particular company's HR dept. The articles I found were very critical of them so it was a no-go. I started looking for a new job. I hoped I could find something so I would not have to return to that place after furlough. I landed a job, but they had not given me a start date yet so I had to go back. ", 'Got back in January and the bully was still at it. She worked hard during my 2-week furlough to degrade me and lie on me. All of my co-workers were on board with her lies. I only had to deal with it for 3 weeks and I left the company. I blocked the bully by phone, personal email, and social media. I consulted with a lawyer about a no contact order. I also have recordings of her shenanigans. My state and her state are single-party notification states and I mentioned to her that I have call record on my phone.', "Oh, she did try to contact me after I had left. I received two calls and a text message. All sent to my blocked messages folder. I also told the consulting firm about what happened and her calls and text. I don't know if they told her boss or not, but he left the department shortly after my departure.
My name is Justin. I'm a thirty-seven-year-old man living in eastern Canada, and I have a bullying story to tell.", 'Around ten years ago, I needed work and asked my uncle, the owner of a roofing company, if he needed a worker. I had no prior roofing experience, but he agreed to have me along on a few roofing jobs to help out. About a week in, we had a job shingling the roof of a small shed in a residential backyard. About ten other men in their thirties and forties were doing other landscaping work there as well. I was trying to nail some shingles on the roof, but as I was inexperienced I struggled with it. My uncle quickly noticed this and called the other men over to watch me fumble with the shingles. "Hey fellas, come look!" "Havin\' a bit of trouble with it, are ya?" "You might have to take a hammer and some nails home tonight and practice!" Everyone, including my uncle, was just standing there all around me, smiling and laughing. I had never felt so embarrassed and ashamed in my whole life. I remember saying, "You guys are assholes. You do it then if you\'re so good at it." My uncle just kept smiling and chuckling at me. So I just sat there, refusing to do it while they were staring at me. Eventually, they all got bored and walked away. I left work on the verge of tears and never came back the next day. I also never mentioned it to my uncle after.', 'I remembered it again tonight while talking to my disabled brother (whom I live with and look after) while talking about my work experiences. I got so annoyed just telling him what happened that I said, "You know what? I want to ask him why he did that to me, his own nephew." So I called him. I made small talk and chatted about the family. Then I confronted him about it.', '"So Glen, you remember when I was doing roofing work for you years ago?"', '"Oh man, that was a while back. Think I remember a bit of it."', '"Yeah, when we were shingling that little shed with some other guys. I couldn\'t nail the shingles on right and you called them over to watch."', '"Ha ha yeah, I remember now."', '"And you were laughing and cracking jokes about how I should take a hammer and nails home to practice. I was just wondering why you did that to me."', '"What? Oh I was just carrying on, didn\'t mean anything by it. I did that to the other guys working for me too."', '"That was really embarrassing. I wanted to just put down my tools and walk home."', '"Ha ha, I didn\'t mean to do that to ya."', '"And I couldn\'t understand why you would do that to me. I mean you\'re my uncle, and you made fun of me in front of all these guys, having a big laugh."', 'Silence.', '"I couldn\'t understand why my uncle would bully me like that. I felt like I was worth less than a worm. Like, shouldn\'t my uncle love me? I didn\'t want to come back the next day."', '"*Sigh*, yeah."', '"Anyway, I thought about that every now and then and wanted to talk about it with you. Hope you\'re doing ok."', 'Made other small talk, said goodbye, hung up.', "I felt so good the moment I hung up. Didn't raise my voice, didn't insult, just clearly said what I wanted to say all these years. I realized that people like that, who act tough and pretend nothing bothers them, they aren't big men. A big man is someone with the guts to stand up and say what he thinks. I feel like the bigger man now.
I've been through the complete process for this with a coworker case and it's quite an eye-opener. I'll share the outcomes so you'll know what to expect, but I'll start with my advice:", '"If you suspect you are being bullied, find a new job ASAP."', "What I've found is that reporting to management doesn't work. The managers are only concerned with keeping things moving and keeping production going. You'll be mostly ignored or gaslighted into believing that nothing is happening. This is possibly more damaging than the attacks themselves.", "Reporting to HR similarly doesn't work, they take their cue from management and will likely gaslight as well. HR will tend to be more aggressive in their assessment since they don't need to maintain a direct working relationship. Filing a complaint will probably result in your aggressor counterfiling with lies. HR will back away from this, grab some popcorn, and prepare for a good show. In that show you will lose.", "Once it all blows up you'll be dealing with depression, anxiety, and trauma. Your family will be burnt out on it, as will friends. Your relationships will become strained to the point of abandonment. You'll have no energy and no desire to do anything. In my case this involved checking in to the hospital for a few months.", "You may get an attorney, and they'll be perfectly willing to take your money. Mine gave me the advice to stay put until we could turn it into a constructive dismissal case but my health failed again. Now you'll likely have psychiatrist bills and various medications for all facets of your increasing physical symptoms.", 'Worker\'s compensation will almost certainly find a pre-existing condition. If this has happened once then there won\'t be enough evidence. If it\'s happened more than once then it\'s probably a pre-existing psychological disorder. Either way you\'re going to lose. Your work ethic and dedication will be labeled as a disease or character flaw. You do not get to speak in this process as your evidence is not "official"; it has to come from the insurer. The insurer will cherrypick information to paint the case in their favor.', "If you're forced to leave then forget unemployment benefits. My employer determined my quit was a voluntary one despite anything in the resignation letter. The unemployment office will be only too happy to agree with your employer as that saves them the most money. You can appeal but that only guarantees you be declined a second time.", 'EEOC, DFEH, or other regulatory bodies will not be able to prove discrimination, nor will they likely be able to prove anything at all. OSHA only handles physical violence. You won\'t obtain a right to sue and you\'ll be persuaded to use the no-fault worker\'s compensation system (as above). If you do manage to obtain a right to sue then expect a deposition bloodbath in the courtroom. Any self-respect or self-confidence you ever had will be destroyed in that process. You will fail, and now your name appears in public files. You will never find another job so this is basically murder by process. Nobody owes you a job. There is no "right to work".', 'You can certainly fight any part of this in the courts, but that will be at your expense. The chances of finding an attorney who wants to do more than milk you for money is low, assuming any even respond at all. Lying, mobbing, and sabotage are not illegal.', "Every part of this process is constructed to frustrate you and it's all designed to fail. It's ultimately your responsibility to prove anything but it's rare you'll be given any paper documentation for anything in your employment. On the other hand your employer will have a significant file and they will cherrypick to create their own story. You can legally ask for that documentation but you won't get it. To get it you need a lawyer (see above).", "My advice to you is that you are like me. I built my pride on my work ethic and I act with empathy and kindness. These qualities are admirable but they will quickly make you a target for abuse in the workplace. You will lose them and you will suffer terribly. Save enough money that you don't need the job if you can and let that channel into assertiveness. The next place you work you should hold the line very firmly. Don't help people. Don't show compassion toward anyone. Speak clearly and respectfully and learn to say no without feeling bad about it. If someone persists then you should leave as quickly as possible - there is nothing else you can do and there is nothing else you owe to your colleagues, your project, your employer, or this world. Use your passion and professionalism to define yourself on your own terms.", 'Look after yourself, and take care of yourself. You owe that to yourself and you deserve it. You did not ask for this and you did nothing wrong. Move on with your life.
', ' all because I tried to fix a friendship between two friends/coworkers.', 'Let me first begin by saying that I’m no stranger to being bullied. Throughout my childhood, I was called all kinds of names and made fun of because I was overweight.', 'Upon transferring to a Catholic school, I was the target of vicious rumors and still got teased - especially because I then had to wear a skirt each day.', 'In High School and College, life was good.', 'I am going to refer to my bully as "Kelsi" (which isn’t her real name).', 'Before the school year even OFFICIALLY began, the bullying started. ', 'I was called into the Human Resources office and was ', ' reprimanded over a picture posted - in which I happened to be tagged - on my fiancé’s social media account. The photo was of us in costume, holding fake artillery. His account was friends only, as was mine - meaning a "friend" had to have reported it (which was later determined to be Kelsi).', 'The HR Director instructed me to call my fiancé ', ' and tell him to remove the photo before I was allowed to leave his office. ', 'Throughout the school year, I was completely isolated. The group of friends with whom I had always hung out no longer invited me anywhere because Kelsi was in that same group. They would not even spend one-on-one time with me.', 'At school, if I tried to speak to them, they acted as though they didn’t hear me; they would brush me off, or they would leave the room. If we were in front of students, and they HAD to interact with me, it was VERY forced; and they kept everything very short and to the point.', 'During staff meetings, I was alienated and forced to sit alone much of the time. The grade-level teachers always sat together, as did Kelsi with her group of friends. She very often smiled at me during those meetings, too.', 'I invited several teachers who were/had been my friends to my Bridal Shower, which I held in the Spring. I sent out many invitations.', 'I cannot BEGIN to describe how much that HURT.', 'THOUGH, one friend DID send a gift card with a note of regret that she couldn’t be there.', 'This is the same friend who told me the following....', ' ', 'On Monday, it spread like wildfire through the adults at school that no one had attended my Shower. Kelsi could not stop smiling each time she saw me.', 'I apologized ', ' that year - and even for a year or so after I left that job - to Kelsi. I said it to her face, via e-mail, via voicemail, and via text message.', 'I also apologized to the other girls in what used to be my friend circle. I tried hard, but they were keen to hold a grudge - except one.', 'It was ', 'As I walked up, in line, to give my condolences to the family of my friend and former colleague who had passed away, I could feel the eyes of Kelsi and her group of friends on me. Their voices hushed, and I knew they were talking about me.', 'When I turned to find a place to sit, the one girl from my former friend group who had accepted my apology (we’ll call her Pam) called my name and invited me to sit next to her. She conversed with me nicely even though everyone else shot me dirty looks and Kelsi ignored my existence.', 'Even at the end, Pam walked out to the parking lot with me - and with Kelsi. I said goodbye to Pam, and I made sure to ', ' yell, "GOODBYE, KELSI!!!!!"', 'My biggest problem throughout all of this is that I know my boss saw what was happening and KNEW what was happening; yet she did nothing. I was left to fight this battle alone.', 'It triggered major anxiety in me, which I have wrestled with ever since.', ' ', 'It’s heartbreaking, and it’s depressing. ', 'Find support from someone to help you through this. ', 'AND - go to your boss!!! ', 'If they won’t do anything (or it is your boss who IS the bully), go higher up. ', 'No one deserves this!!
I worked at a well-established hospital. I'm a hard worker and didn't like to gossip. Kept to myself.", "Nurses and other staff would stare me down, gossip, and spread rumours about me. They made fun of me indirectly and subtly while looking at me. I heard them close to my office trying to get under my skin. I remained calm. Ignored that it even happened. I noticed more staff got involved. Left sticky notes on doctor's door and wrote on white boards, mocking me.", "I realized after a while that my mental health is important than a negative work environment. I decided to set boundaries. I talked to the unit manager. She spoke to everyone involved. They all denied it ever happened. Manager didn't believe anyone made these comments/acts. I documented each incident, presented to management.", 'Everyone seemed to behave better after they were spoken to. I worked overnight to avoid certain staff. Bullying came back again. Subtle jokes. Taking jabs at me. I talked to counselors about setting healthy boundaries at work. I built enough courage to set boundaries on my own. I talked to a male nurse after he was done work. I stated what he said and I would appreciate it if he would stop making rumours and jokes about me. He acted innocent and shocked. He denied everything. To be expected.', "During my time off, my manager contacted me. He wanted me to transfer to the city to be on-call. I gave it a thought. Got back to him a week later. I resigned my job due to loss of hours with low pay to lots of kilometers away. Also, risk of getting COVID-19 during code red. I didn't burn any bridges. Got a good reference. My mental health is more important than a toxic workplace.", 'Thank you for those that took the time to read my story. God bless. Wish everyone the courage to stand up for your rights to these bullies. Do it in a dignified manner.
I was harassed/bullied by my boss for a year which forced me to quit the company due to extreme amounts of stress and anger. I came into the company and began going above and beyond what was asked of me. I washed and sanitized the place which hadn't been cleaned in what looked like years. I volunteered for physically demanding jobs that no one wanted to do. I got along great with all of my coworkers. ", "The harassment started relatively early on and began very minor. It started out as nitpicking minor mistakes that I made in front of my coworkers to humiliate me or making passive-aggressive, back-handed comments about my age or my work ethic. This went on for months and I just took it because I didn't think anything of it but I realize now that it was slowly damaging me psychologically. I started to become angrier at work and at home. I remember being especially proud of something that I did while at work only to come in the next day to my boss picking on me yet again for something extremely minor.", 'Eventually he began blaming me for things that I didn\'t do and I have a strong reason to suspect that he sabotaged at least two of my projects. He even childishly removed company property because I liked wearing it. On one occasion he asked me to do something which would have violated food safety issues and I took it upon myself to take steps to make sure that it wasn\'t an issue by cleaning and sanitizing the area where he asked me to work. It took me about 45 minutes to do this and he came in screaming at me, "what the fuck is this?! I didn\'t ask you to clean this!" etc. etc. ', "It's important to note that I don't believe any of my other coworkers were screamed at like this and we literally had an employee (who my boss really liked) show older employees naked pictures of his underage girlfriend which put them in an extremely uncomfortable position. A number of my coworkers wanted to get this employee terminated because of this and because he was an extremely poor employee, and would say things that irritated or infuriated them — myself included — but my boss liked this employee so he ignored his conduct. There was also another employee that my boss liked who would refuse to clean up after himself and would get others to do his work for him but, again, my boss liked him so this employee stayed. I'm not mentioning this because I'm trying to bad mouth my coworkers. I'm mentioning this because it shows how my boss would ignore this conduct but would focus on me and blame me for things that I didn't do.", 'After about nine months of this trivial criticism of my work I eventually blew up and screamed at him when he talked to me about being late one day. I told him I would go to HR and that\'s when things got worse. He began "giving me the silent treatment". This happened for three months until I resigned. He would get another employee to give me my tasks on his behalf under the guise that he was training this employee to "be a manager". This was also the employee who refused to do his own work. When the employee who was showing the pictures of the underage girls got fired for stealing my boss asked me to work 40 hours a week because he needed me. He then scheduled me two weeks in a row for seven days straight. When I got angry about it one day at work because I did him a favour he began making fun of me in front of my coworkers. On this day I caught him saying "it\'s his mentality" and "there are things going on at home" to one of my coworkers. When he saw me he stopped talking and motioned for my coworker to not talk about what he said. This, among other things, lead me to believe that he was spreading malicious rumours to my coworkers and to upper management about me and my work ethic. ', 'At about 10 months in there were going to be cuts to hours. My boss got my coworker to give me the information regarding this cut to hours on his behalf (again under the guise that he was "being trained to be a manager"). I was never told how many hours were going to be cut. When the cuts finally happened I lost a total of 12 hours. I confronted my boss about this and he said he "wished the hours could go to the hardest working person." A couple of days later he picked on me yet again for something that I did and I ended up walking out of my shift. I left a note saying that I wanted to change my hours. I called the ASM the next day and explained why I walked out of my shift and told her that I thought my boss was trying to get me to quit. She told me "leave it in my hands" and a couple of days later I had a meeting with another ASM about the issue. I told him about why I thought my boss was trying to get me to quit (blaming me for things, cutting my hours unfairly and without warning, giving me the silent treatment etc.) The entire time during this conversation this ASM was furrowing his eyebrows at me and putting on a condescending look. He told me he talked to my boss and my boss said that my boss "had no idea what ', ' was talking about." ', "About 11 months in my boss started manipulating the schedule to make it difficult for me to complete my tasks by scheduling me with no support during peak hours. He covered his tracks by messing with the schedule so that there wasn't a clear pattern but I know that I was scheduled with less people because I made graphs of the schedules over a long period of time and it clearly showed that he changed his scheduling pattern and that he was scheduling me with less people. I also suspect that he was doing other manipulative behaviour like not providing me with training on new assignments so that he could discredit me, not providing training or not providing enough information to complete my work. He also manipulated people into leaving work for me in an effort to anger me or frustrate me.", 'Eventually, all of his tactics worked and I blew up one day at almost exactly the one year mark. I called the store manager to talk about the issues that I was having. When I got into the meeting they tricked me by misleading me. I was under the expectation that I was just going into the meeting with the store manager, but as I sat down the other ASM walked in. I had had previous issues with this ASM before because he\'s a bully as well and he wrote me up for walking out of my shift because of my boss\' conduct and this ASM never listened to my side of the story. During this meeting they accused me of all sorts of things from not getting along with my coworkers, to swearing, to not doing my work. Never once did they contact me before this meeting about any of these alleged issues. All of these were lies that came from my boss. I desperately tried to explain to them issues that I was having but they wouldn\'t listen. They told me that my boss had a list of infractions that I had committed. When I asked the SM about what work I didn\'t do and why would I refuse work when I took on the tougher, more physically demanding jobs in the company he said "congratulations you\'re a model employee". I told him that I was one of many model employees and he replied "no, you\'re just a grunt. You\'re expendable." After this half hour or so meeting I realize none of the issues that I was having were going to get resolved and I resigned.', 'After I resigned I filed a complaint with the Ministry of Labour that the company failed to investigate my complaint of harassment on the grounds that I told them that I thought my boss was trying to get me to quit. She ordered an investigation to be conducted within 3 months. I amended my complaint on the company\'s internal reporting system to include the harassment from the ASM and SM that I received. After a near two month delay I got an email from the SM himself (even though I accused him of harassment) saying that they were going to conduct an investigation. I had to contact the HR team to say that I didn\'t think it was appropriate that the SM was included in the investigation because I accused him of harassment. The HR person contacted me because he apparently didn\'t know how to proceed. He pretended to be all friendly on the phone and asked me for the private emails that I had with the Union (I had previously gone to my Union representative). There was a meeting scheduled for the next day. During this meeting I was berated endlessly and blamed for everything that had happened. The investigator accused me of being a poor employee and totally believed the lies that everybody in management had told him. He mocked me during this meeting and even shouted at me. In total we had five hours of meetings like this. From my understanding it was a five day investigation so why did it take so long to start and conclude the investigation? This investigator was clearly using old school tactics to bully me and try to get me to drop the suit. He could have conducted a fair investigation and actually prove my allegations of harassment and the numerous other safety issues that I reported and violations of company policy. This SM was terrible at his job. High turnover, managers calling employees "whores" and shouting. Other managers not granting scheduled time off causing employees to quit. Instead of actually conducting an investigation into these issues which would have saved them a lot of money, I lost my job because of it.', "So that's my story of harassment/bullying. I have PTSD from all of the things that I went through. I lost a job that I loved and people that I really cared about and could have made friends with. Something needs to be done in regards to bullying and harassment because it's bad for employees and companies alike.
I've been a victim of spiteful bullies my ENTIRE life it begun in the first 6 months of life when social workers told my adoptive mother nobody wanted to adopt a ginger baby!", "Anyway, cut a long story short, I have been singled out by certain individuals in EVERY workplace I've worked in and now suffer from body dismorphic disorder and anxiety/depression ever since my early years.", "My adoptive mother was a critical, nit picking, bitchy, bully always making me feel inferior and unpopular due to my avoidance of people as I don't trust many people and refused to join in her gossip mongering so she singled me out and made my life during the time I lived with her a living hell.", "I even started to self-harm in 1997 because of her relentless abuse! It's been much the same in jobs. There was ALWAYS one or more nasty individuals who picked on me and I've ended up having to literally walk out of every job I've had because of it! I have come to the conclusion I'm unemployable and even when the DWP sent me on stupid training courses I was AGAIN bullied and singled out by people there!", "It seems to be a pattern and I'm not a nasty person—far from it! But I guess people take kindness as a weakness and see a victim to abuse and humiliate to the point that now I'm fuelled by psychotic anger and as a result of the high levels of cortisol in my body I now suffer from serious health conditions which I feel will inevitably kill me because there's only so much the body can take.", "At 47 years old I am now a carer for my neighbour who also can be a bitchy bully especially wen she's had a drink. So again I'm having to tolerate this in order to survive e.g. keep a roof over me and 15-year-old daughters heads! I have skills but not many and there is always someone else who's younger and more skilled than me that beats me to the post!", 'Guess I\'m just one of life\'s rejects and I\'ve had to accept this now. Yeah it sucks but being a victim is my "place" in life and despite numourous attempts to improve my sad \'n\' sorry situation it ALWAYS goes pear shaped. So I\'ve given up! No point in tryin\' anymore and before anyone suggests looking for the burff muvva (family) that\'s already been done she tracked me down in 2002 and all I can say is it was a HUGE mistake for me to go along with it cos she turned out to be one selfish delusional bitch who only had interest in me to suit her selfish needs.', "Then as with most people she unceremoniously dumped me then set her other daughters on me! Anyway, so there's that! So, all in all my life has been one big misery one after the other over 'n' over again!
I first met the bully in 2003. I started at a small office after retiring from my chosen line of work due to a pair of critical incidents, one of which involved the off duty death of two co-workers. So I already was not in a good place in my life. When I was first introduced to this individual she barely acknowledged me and gave me a look like she smelled something foul, gave me her back and walked off. She would hardly ever speak to me, unless she was trying to get me to buy something from one of her multiple side-businesses. She quit a few months after I started and I did not really have to deal with her again until 2013. ', "I went to work for another office, unfortunately she was employed there. Things were actually okay for about year, I thought maybe she had matured and turned over a new leaf and was greatly relieved. Then one day I came to work and she was obviously very angry at me for something. Glaring at me, turning her back on me, stomping off, and slamming her door in my face. I had absolutely no idea what I had done so I finally confronted her about it. She got in my face and said I had treated her badly by using the wrong tone of voice the day before. I was at a complete loss. I hadn't been mean, snotty, or rude to her like she was accusing me of. She stayed mad for several days and then seemed to be okay again. Only problem was this cycle continued. She'd get mad and berate me for any little thing, wrong facial expression, wrong body language, wrong tone of voice, she'd tell me I didn't treat people right and I should be careful how I treat people. She'd tell me my behavior was unprofessional. She started pointing out minor errors in front of clients and my supervisors, she'd bad mouth me behind my back to my other co-workers. Suddenly I didn't have a single friend or ally in the office. She had managed to completely socially isolate me. To make matters worse she started to sabotage my work, she'd withhold information I needed, not tell me when clients called or pass on messages or information I needed. She would literally set me up to fail at any task I had to work on with her. If I so much as slipped up and missed getting a message or information to her in a timely manner I got berated for it and she'd go straight to the boss and complain.", 'I talked to my supervisor about it, but of course since she was the "high performing" assistant in the office by virtue of the subject area she was responsible for I got told if I felt I needed to quit then I needed to make that choice. My supervisor didn\'t witness the behavior from her and was unwilling to do anything about it. I ended up feeling like he simply did not believe me.', "I stayed, but as time passed I started to feel like maybe it was my fault somehow. Like maybe I was doing something wrong. Like I was fatally flawed somehow. For a long time I let her crush and cruelly manipulate my self-esteem. Anytime I tried to confront her or assert myself the situation would get worse. She'd always make it out to be my fault, or she'd tell me it was my low self esteem that was the problem and I was just misreading the situation. Sometimes she made me feel like I was being paranoid. Then she'd go back to telling me I didn't treat people right, I was the bad person, I was not good with the clients. In hindsight I realize she was manipulating me in the worse sort of way, building me up a little just to tear me back down. The stress caused me to develop acid reflux and severe stomach problems and my migraines got worse. By this time I was beginning to genuinely hate myself.", "Then we got a new staff member. Suddenly she was coming to me complaining about the new person. While it was a relief to get her focus off of me I was appalled at what she was doing to the new person. She was over critical, instead of teaching the new person the skills they needed she'd get angry when they didn't get it on the first try and badmouth them to everyone else in the office including me. She'd yell at them and instead of showing them what they were doing wrong, she'd fix it herself and storm off. It was horrible, we lost our new staff member in a few short months. This happened with every new staff member we'd get. ", 'I got to the point where I just did what I had to do to co-exist and do my job. Sometimes that meant playing her game, agreeing with her off the wall conspiracy theories, listening to her sales pitches for her side businesses, or listening to her complain about the boss. I tried to get along with her, I even tried making friends when she wasn\'t picking on me, but nothing worked long term. She\'d keep telling me she was "working on her" and she didn\'t want to be the person she was, and I was stupid enough to fall for it. I didn\'t want to go to work, I wanted to quit, I submitted job applications whenever I could, but could never get hired on anywhere else. My self esteem was so low and I was so unhappy that I\'m pretty sure it was coming across in my interviews. ', "The work dynamic has changed now. We are in the same office building still but we no longer work for/share the same bosses. She has bad mouthed me to everyone in the building. I say Hi to people and I get sneers or stiff, hellos. I've had doors shut or slammed in my face. The boss I currently work for finally believes me. When the business partnership broke up and the plan was to share the assistants equally, I refused and submitted my resignation. It put me in a position where I knew the bullying was only going to get worse because the bully favored one of the bosses over the other. The boss she didn't like she had been bad mouthing behind his back to anyone who would listen for years. Funny thing was it was the same boss I had originally talked to about my problems with her. Suddenly out came the claws when she found out I had submitted my resignation, she started taking it out on the boss she didn't like. A few days later he approached me and asked if I just worked for him would I stay, the situation had been bad and I felt betrayed by literally everyone, including this particular boss who's initial advice to me was to submit my resignation if I couldn't handle things, so I said I needed to think about it.", "I had already made plans and was working on the admissions process to graduate school. I had decided it was time to follow my dreams and finish my education, which made the bully even madder when she learned I'd gotten my foot tentatively in the door of the school I wanted to attend and took a summer class. She's always used my education against me, telling me my education was worthless and how education was a waste of time and money and how the only thing that matter was practical experience. According to her my accomplishments were worthless and meant nothing. I had been around people who had self-esteem issues when it came to their lack of education before, but this bully reached entirely new heights with it. I ended up feeling horrible about myself and my schooling. ", "The bullying hasn't exactly stopped since my job and boss are no longer associated with her or her boss. She still snipes at me in the hallway, makes rude and snotty comments at office gatherings, continues to bad mouth me and my current boss to anyone who will listen. Still points out every little mistake or typo I've ever made. She seems to be even angrier now because I chose to stay with the boss she hated. ", "I'd love to scream it is not fair at the top of my lungs sometimes, but it wouldn't do any good. I should have never given her permission to treat me the way she does. She took advantage of what was already my low self-esteem and stomped me into the ground. It took one of my graduate professors to remind me that I am actually an intelligent person who has a bright future if I want it. I decided I wasted it and I'm working on making it happen for me, I know the next few years are going to be tough though. She's created a hostile working environment for me and I almost feel like I have to hide in my office and avoid everyone else in the building to just get through the day at present.
I\'ve seen it a few times now - that one person on the team that just likes to cause trouble, or cause delays, or just hit the "No" button frantically no matter what you do. The software industry has been going through a renaissance for the last decade or so and the old style of programming in cubicles is a distant memory. All software now is developed collaboratively, and we use team tools to get things done democratically. "All voices heard at the table."', '...sometimes.', 'The problem with democratic processes is that they\'re also easy to corrupt. Company policy always harps on about "being civil" and "treating people with respect", but it\'s also easy to be a complete pain in the ass in a very civil way. We had that one person on the team that wouldn\'t do their work. We went through an entire year of development and ran into crunch because that person wouldn\'t do their work. That person also wouldn\'t let me get my own work done, and they managed that by blockading all the development processes and calling endless and senseless meetings that never went anywhere. In the end the team was lied to and the schedules were manipulated to create a crisis. Interestingly enough all the bogus arguments against my work that occurred over the year seemed to melt away in an instant once the fire alarm went off. I completed that work but that\'s not what the books show. I burnt myself out and ended up in hospital at the end of a carefully orchestrated and manufactured emergency.', 'HR was less than useful. Of all the information I gave them regarding incidents and lies in meetings they used precisely none of it in any investigation. Instead threw the book at me for being "uncivil". They\'ve dismissed this other person but they\'re still continuing to pretend that none of it really happened. Gaslighting. They can\'t admit that anything happened because they have to protect the company.', "The losses are significant: plenty of doctors, hospitals, drugs, and time are involved. The job is also gone. Fortunately I'm not facing financial ruin and I can afford to take a little time out to recover. I'll probably have to do that now because I'm on a strict diet of anti-depressants and trauma therapy.", "Don't do what I did and try to be the hero. You can not win this fight. If they can't control their rogue employees then the best thing to do is walk away and let that company sink in its own self-made swamp.", 'Go find a productive company that models itself on your better values.
This testimony from myself I wrote and submitted to the company review website, Glassdoor. It let me remain anonymous. It details many things but most importantly how they illegally terminated me.', 'I encourage others who have had this happen to them to do the same and expose companies like this and mow down their reputation to send a message when companies behave like this there are consequences.', "What was most empowering to me after I submitted this was, (even though I can't prove it but am 100% that I was responsible for what happened) was the month I submitted this review the companies stock price tanked and never recovered. Too much of a coincidence for me.", "The company I worked at is referred to as COMPANY A. I submitted the review under the entry for the company that acquired COMPANY A a few months after I was terminated which I will refer to as COMPANY B. It may seem unfair that I submitted the review for COMPANY B when it was A who fired me, but B I later found out were pretty much just as bad and quite frankly, I couldn't care any less that others who might not have had anything to do with what happened to me might have been affected. The overall point is when you treat employees like this (I damaged my life and both my physical and mental health dramatically), it doesn't work out well for anyone. ", "I Worked at COMPANY A which COMPANY B acquired this year, 2019. COMPANY B have retained COMPANY A'S workplace premises, acquired their assets and appear to have retained lots of the same staff so with that being said, this review is still holds much relevance.", "The role I was hired to carry out itself was enjoyable, even one I was proficient at considering I received praise for my work from many others, including upper management all the way up to the then CEO! Keep this in mind. (It cannot be denied, the CEO at the time was amazing and whom if you were to have met him you'd likely agree. It's a shame his shine didn't rub off too much on those who held responsibility further down the chain in the company.)", 'I was terminated from the role after three months. The \'official reason\' given to me verbally by the head of the department I worked in (during which what I would describe was an \'ambush termination\' as I was tapped on the shoulder and told to enter a private room for what I was told was \'a meeting\' without any warning given, leaving me with no chance to prepare my side of the story nor told that it would be a good idea to bring a support person with me (I do ponder the legal ramifications of that act too), I was just pulled in to a room with the team leader and an employee from HR whom I had never met, adding to the intimidation factor) told that I was "acting erratically" which I declare to be a total falsehood (I wasn\'t given any examples or evidence describing what the unusual behaviour was), no examples of how I was behaving were given when I was first interviewed regarding "such concerns" and hard pressed to come up with answers to a question I wasn\'t even aware that was going to be asked ("what has happened to you recently?" "What\'s going on?" etc, ) Seeing as I felt backed in to a corner with the pressure applied to me, I cracked and admitted that I did suffer mental health difficulties (anxiety) which I was and still am currently in treatment for and maybe that\'s what was being picked up on? I didn\'t know. I also did have outside life events going on that caused me stress at inconvenient times such as during the day when one is meant to be focusing on their role and attempting to do their utmost best, so I thought it possible that maybe that was becoming a little bit too obvious. But who in the world doesn\'t have things happen to them from time to time that can cause distractions in their life? Again, not a valid reason to dismiss an employee (again I ponder the legal ramifications.', 'But I digress, because I am of the firm belief that my personal conditions were all irrelevant to this (as they should be anyway as releasing somebody on the grounds of mental illness is discriminatory and illegal) I will discuss below.', 'I am of the belief (to the point that I believe it to be the absolute truth) that the reason for the dismissal was in retaliation for the fact that I raised concerns with upper management about sexual harassment behaviour carried out by a male colleague in our department towards the female staff. I detailed in great depth this in a complaint to the Human Rights Commission as I did not approve of the way this incident was handled and I was pulled aside and unbelievably labelled \'the bully\' by the head of the department I worked in for raising concerns about his actions (I still to this day hold a copy of that complaint to the HRC in archive). Because I was not the party in the complaint being harassed I was told by the HRC that the harassment victims had to be the ones lodging the complaint before any action could be considered taken. This I deemed acceptable and fair enough. However, they also stated to me in their reply that the behaviours the individual (the harasser) I was exposing was exhibiting towards the two (possibly more I don\'t know) female employees didn\'t strongly meet their "definition of sexual harassment", and leaned on the government guidelines as to what is deemed sexual harassment, totally disregarding what the two female employees reaction to what they were being subjected to. What right does the government and the HRC have in determining that these employees weren\'t being harassed simply because it didn\'t fit the exact wording of the legislation?', "This incident also exposes the HRC's indifference toward enforcing its principles regarding employees and overall human rights and they should be outright ashamed for treating the situation like a non-issue, simply because it didn't match the wording in their definition of sexual harassment. Never would I seek advice or counsel from the Human Rights Commission knowing that they take this attitude. The HRC are an utter disgrace if the entire organisation handles issues such as this in such a nonchalant way.", 'There is a lot more I could also mention on top of this already long (damning) review of COMPANY A but I feel this is enough already', 'I am not qualified to run a company or be CEO, so I cannot advise how to improve the companies bottom line (i.e. profits), tips on achieving the companies stated goals etc. Nor would I ever feel inclined to given how I was treated like this.', 'Having said that, it appears COMPANY B have stopped referring to COMPANY A and incorporated them under the COMPANY B umbrella. A good move I will admit, as I too would do the same.', "However, I wouldn't stop there, at simply removing traces of the name of COMPANY A being associated with COMPANY B.", 'I would go a lot further and remove all bad apples (in all forms) associated with the former company that lead to the situation I\'ve described and experienced, as others did too (Google "COMPANY A" and you\'ll see other reviews here at Glassdoor detailing almost identical concerns I raised.', "I can't see COMPANY B succeeding if these matters aren't dealt with. I do see potential for fines or lawsuits against the company if these behaviours continue however which could signal further danger for the company.", 'I wish COMPANY B nothing but the best should they decide to make difficult decisions in order to succeed in their mission and keep out of trouble.', 'Good Luck.', '
I started at a workplace on a Tory party back to work scheme (despicable) in 2012 in a fruit warehouse. I went for the interview were I was told I would be guaranteed a job after 26 weeks.', "Everything was well until the 3rd week when the forklift driver came back from leave. (Nobody mentioned him or talked about him the two weeks previous.) It looked like he hasn't changed his underwear for 10 years and just generally looked like a bad smell.", "The stock controller was even worse and would turn the radio down cause it was too loud, tell me I should go to the toilet before I leave the house, not allowed to leave the premises for lunch when lunch breaks were unpaid, would adjust the time on his monitor and claim I was late, amongst other things. (The guy looked like a paedophile worst thing about it.) Relating back to the first paragraph HE told me he got me this job therefore that would mean (in my eyes) I'm owed 26 weeks wages.", "Relating to the second paragraph the forklift driver made a complaint about me and got called to a disciplinary hearing. (By law they have to make you aware who made the complaint.) They didn't. It's that bad that they get a HR company of the street to conduct these hearings cause their own HR are that brainless. Anyhow I got dismissed in March of 2016 (thank hell). That was the worst parts.", 'My uncle passed away of cancer and HR asked me to produce a death certificate.', 'The yard operative used to stand too close for my liking and come off with sexual slang remarks (looks like a child rapist).', "I was diagnosed with generalised anxiety disorder in 2019. Believe me that is the worst thing anyone could suffer. My advice to everyone: if your bully and/or anyone who dislikes you for no reason ever needs an ambulance leave them and walk on or say you've no credit in your phone.", 'PLEASE NOTE: My hand was placed on a bible before stating the above.
If someone told me that mobbing happens at a Mental Health Center, I wouldn't have believed them (until it happened to me). I've been told that I go above and beyond to help others.", "A supervisor (not mine in the beginning)- every day he'd say something cruel. I ignored it. Over time though, I realized he was directing it at me. I knew our manager liked this man, I reasoned he's not my boss, so let it go, be kind. ", "He kept it up for about three months. Staff changed and he became my supervisor. I was so stressed that I didn't want to come in to work because of his next cruel remark(s). It came to a head when I sent him an email. He said something angry about it and I asked him loudly, if he could do his job. That was his chance, he took it and ran with it. He made himself out to be the hurt one and got other staff on board with him. Sympathy abounded for this man, with others hugging/supporting him. The heat intensified.", "I didn't want it to get more out of hand. This supervisor seemed nice to everyone else. I reasoned that perhaps I was too rash, maybe too sensitive.", "I didn't say anything to anyone, kept quiet and did my best to be kind and accommodating. I hoped things would change, they didn't. Supervisor began to gossip to more people in the building, and was comfortable sharing his distaste with our manager—impunity for him. What kind of man would do that?", "This hit me after I left. I loved my job, but I had no one in authority to turn to, and I couldn't stay and deal with the daily abuse. My family is the reason for my survival. Emotions are intense when you go through something like this. I got help from EAP as well, but it was my supports that got me through some tough months. ", "It's been five months now since leaving. I don't blame myself for what happened anymore. I'm grateful that I didn't do anything that I'd regret, or hurt my loved ones. I still have triggers, it wasn't easy. I still don't know what brought it on, and I probably never will now. But that's okay, I've wasted enough time on this garbage.", "Whoever reads this, don't give up, they're not worth your next breath.
It started with aggression towards me when my manager and Provider, I worked for, would not agree on terms. Then it moved to being called on excessively in meetings to answer questions, while not calling anyone else, it was in a crass tone and you could tell it made everyone feel uncomfortable. I know I was uncomfortable with it.', 'Then it moved onto asking me to do extra work on a day that I was preparing and tying up loose ends to go on vacation, and it was very known it was my last work day for a week.', 'It then moved to being verbally confronted with very aggressive body language when I said I would be unable to complete that work as it was not part of the necessary actions that needed to be addressed before the end of business day.', 'It then lead to the manager forcing me into her office to ask me what my problem was. I then was in tears and wanted to quit my job. I wrote an email to HR and then had to meet with them when I got back from vacation, it was the worst experience!', 'HR was very dismissive of my report and said I wrote a good letter. They then said that I needed to change my attitude and approach. Completely protected the manager. I then just sat in the chair, smiled, and nodded my head in agreement. I could see what was going on when they asked if I liked my job. HR was not going to help me.', 'I then went back to work and avoided my manager at all cost I could but it made work very uncomfortable for me. The manager would send me emails of other departments that she thought I would like to work at. It was really trying to push me out.', 'I stayed because I liked my Provider I worked for, but if it hadn’t have been for that I would have been gone. That was 6 months into my new job, it would have been so embarrassing to explain why I left.
I worked for a federal agency for 31 years. Most of those years were peaceful and productive, but as I started nearing retirement eligibility, management started consistently bullying me to force me to retire sooner than I wanted to, and this happened to a number of my older colleagues as well.', 'We were systematically targeted, picked on, set to fail, given confusing instructions and assignments, and down-rated on our performance appraisals. We were treated in a hostile manner as if trying to provoke us to act out, and when we pushed back we were threatened with disciplinary action. Our work was subject to vicious nit-picking of unbelievable pettiness and immaturity.', 'It was awful and very stressful. It impacted our health. None of the union or EEO procedures was helpful or resulted in any improvement. In fact the EEO staff helped the bullying managers and protected them. No effort at having a productive conversation or resolving any of the issues.', 'I am retired now, but the same thing is happening to those left behind still working there. I contacted my Congressman after I retired, but no help there either.', 'All thoughts welcome.
Hello everyone. Here's my workplace bullying story which I'm sharing in case it helps someone else out there. Also good to get it off my chest.", 'A few years back I started a job that was 65 hours a week which was\xa0hard on my kid also because I am a mom and worried about my family, but it was a dream job in some ways so I hung in there and worked hard with 100% positivity. From day one, I came with a fair bit of experience as I had done other jobs similar in the past, and had worked towards this career goal, so was off to a good start.', "My boss sort of gushed about me which was a bit\xa0embarrassing but I figured that's just my boss's personality to gush over the new people and flavor of the month (boss was a bit\xa0eccentric and seemed a bit off) so whatever. I got a sort of unofficial promotion and had to hang out in the boss's office which was a bit\xa0weird and I tried to put some boundaries down so I could get back to my real job role, but I did this carefully walking a fine line because didn't want to upset the boss. Also, I enjoyed helping people and getting to know everyone on the team.", 'There were some nice people there who supported me to the end, not publicly but in private they supported me and that helped my sanity. \xa0I was new though so most people didn\'t know me that well yet which I believe the main bully colleague used to her advantage. I could see she just didn\'t like me from day one\xa0and she was subtly undermining and sabotaging, but I thought "ok no big deal, I can handle this, I will just stay classy and be nice but do my own\xa0thing and work even harder so that\xa0she won\'t affect my work results."', 'I worked twice as hard to make up for this colleague who kept messing up projects on purpose, and our boss was still happy and oblivious... this must have really annoyed my bullying colleague, as she then took it up a notch. Next: my bully spread rumours that\xa0I am a bully which was mortifying and confusing, especially as some people even believed her! Some rumours about me being untrustworthy or having some sort of\xa0dark side that only comes out when I am alone with that one person. Or something.', 'No one would tell me exactly but this is what I pieced together. It is completely\xa0false nonsense. I am the last person that would bully someone. Unfortunately, I had to work alone with this bully and from day one (I was still pretty\xa0new and she had been there a while) she "needed to go to the toilet" then she would disappear for long stretches each day, I never said anything about this because I thought well it\'s kind of personal if she has a health problem or if she needs to be in the bathroom, that\'s really nothing to do with me, but apparently she was using that time to record what I "did" to build a case against me—OMG. And she went crying to people about me and I never found out exactly what I apparently did, but I know in my heart and God knows that I never did anything "bad".', "Fortunately, not everyone bought into her ongoing lies and slander, but a few people believed her to some extent became cautious and uncomfortable around me, some people even stopped talking to me, the boss started to treat me way differently, like ignoring and not believing what I say. My name got tarnished for nothing. She also sabotaged my work and did a ton of other things, I believe she stole my belongings too and some of the things\xa0I will never even know and can't prove. I believe she started to get one or two other people to gang up and stalk me. Bullies can be smart and cunning.", "After not even six months of this rubbish, I actually\xa0had a breakdown and walked out of the job. Guess who got my job when I left work, yes the bully, she got what she secretly wanted. By this point I didn't care about that. I have never in my life left a job abruptly like that, but I was a mess, stressed to the point of not sleeping and not coping at all. Also felt ashamed, why couldn't I have handled it somehow better? I often have courage to stand up for others, so why not stand up for myself? What a loser I am.", "Well, a counsellor helped me realize that there was probably nothing I could have done much differently really, because the bullying was an underhanded campaign, and it was just very bad luck that I can move on from and not to dwell on it. I found a new focus and a bit of a new career direction even. I now work two part-time jobs and love them both. A pay cut but I am SO much healthier in a bully-free environment. I now feel safe and productive with a normal team of people, a very good boss who trusts me and I'm just treated exactly same as everyone else, and although I'm still pretty\xa0hypervigilant, my faith in humanity and self confidence is slowly returning.", 'My love to anyone going through a similar nightmare at work. Don\'t blame yourself. Trust your gut. If you feel something is deeply "off" at work and people hate you for no reason, it is probably even worse than what you can see, but don\'t panic and don\'t blame yourself, just make an escape plan if you can, or stay and fight, your choice, but whatever you do—don\'t lose perspective, don\'t lose your health, your sanity and your life over a job. I was so overworked and freaked out I wanted to die and only stayed on this earth because of my family...\xa0and now two years later life is totally\xa0different and am so thankful to be alive. Hold onto hope. Keep a journal, talk to a counsellor, be gentle on yourself. These bullies should be in jail seriously. But life is short. I believe only God will have justice.
First, I'm an immigrant with weakness in the English language. Sorry about it. I'm a parent that my kids are in elementary school in Edmonton.", "One of parent that was assistant at school started to bully me which I'm not sure why. She motivated other parents too, don't talk with me and isolate me. At first, I kept quiet. I didn't know what to do.", "Gradually she got stronger. Even principal ignored me. It looked the parent's wife was a priest and she had the power to use other assistants to help her and it looks principal prefer to satisfy them than an immigrant with no support.", "I need a support group that hears me and helps me to find out what's going on. Please, help me with that.
I'm writing about an experience that has opened my eyes to the world of workplace bullying and a situation that I will never be in again. I worked in retail for 8 years and after a while of being in that industry, I decided it was time for a change in job.", "My younger sister's boyfriend put a good word in at his workplace and so I had an interview and got the job. I started there and at first, things started off good. I was working on big industrial machines that made envelopes in a factory.", "A few months later, my shift supervisor who was Polish constantly kept coming around and giving me jobs to do. When my machine was on a next set up for a job, I told him why does he constantly keep coming to me when there were other colleagues on the other side from me not doing anything. The supervisor told me to stop arguing with him and kept saying 'Me Supervisor' and I'll tell the factory manager of you threatening me just because I was sticking up for myself.", "Things got worse as time went on every time he came to me I stood my ground and I was called to the factory manager's office. I told him my side of the story and told him that my supervisor is a bully. He replied and said he isn't, burying his head in the sand making me to be a liar.", "My shift supervisor was lazy on every shift and barely did any work. Other workers would sl*g him off and say that they hate him yet they would bury their heads up his a***. A few months before I decided to leave I had another run-in with the Polish supervisor on a night shift. He came over to my side when I was working on my machine insisting that I wrap up finished pallets that had been packed from the other side from me. I insisted that I couldn't because I was working on my machine packing envelopes and said to him why don't you get someone from your side to do it seeming that there were a few not doing anything.", "He threatened me with harsh words so I turned around and told him enough is enough and said to him 'f*ck off over to the other side'. He told me I've got a disciplinary straight away, get your stuff and go home and I will be telling the factory manager. I went home and the next shift I got called to the office manager who yet again fed me lies and said that he was gonna sack me and said that other people in the past made the same claim as me against the supervisor and he will give me a bad reference.", "At this time I was suffering from major depression and stress and yet, like a foolish idiot, I carried on working which made matters worse. A week before leaving a colleague who didn't like me made up comments about me being paranoid to a machine adjuster making everyone close ranks on me. One had the nerve to say that I'm not hard and I'm a faggot, you're constantly moaning about this place, yet this same colleague who said this was moaning to me about the workplace months back. Hypocrite or what.", 'The factory was full of cowards and hypocrites hiding behind each other. Bullies only think they are hard when they have approval from others. They are gutless spineless arse***** that need to hide behind others.', 'I handed in my notice because the way I look at it is life is too short to be in a job you hate and to be working for an arse**** manager and a toxic culture. Your health comes first before anything else. People see leaving a job as weak. I see it as being brave and having the courage and guts to do so because you are putting yourself first. Move forward and look to the future.
Colleague A. She is someone who tends to be insecure, childlike personality and sensitive to things. ', "I had a hard time working with her when she tried to keep on taking advantage of me at work. And if I don't do it, she will do the pity thing and spread rumors that I bully her at work. And she complains to my manager about my tone but the thing is my voice is like this.", 'I tolerated and try to tone down my voice but still it continues on and on.', 'As the walls are very thin and my table is near to their room. I could utterly hear what they were saying clearly, even if I do not want to hear it.', "Then colleague B, she is good with words. And because A tends to be 'chatty' telling people things and makes the assumption that I am against her.", "B, starts to think I am bullying A and because I am the youngest she sees me as being arrogant when I've already work here a year. My voice is mono deep tone, and it's hard for me to soften down when I'm serious at work.", 'And B starts to call me a bitch whenever she passes by my table.', 'I just tolerated it because I am not good at retaliating and was too shocked to hear.', "Then one day when they called me into their room to have a gossip chat about someone's outfit etc., but I do not have the intention to listen or join them. Just randomly say a few words and left their room.", 'And things got worse, A starts to think that I am jealous of her but I am not and she keeps on making up rumors and B starts to  continue her indirect verbal bullying against me or pick on me when they have the chance whenever there is no one around. And insulted me for bein jealous and arrogant etc. I was slow to react and could only tolerate it.', 'I do know that I am not socially skilled to handle this and being an introvert makes the misunderstanding worse and no matter how I tried explaining things they do not listen. Thinking I am acting pity to get myself out. I only want to do my work.', "And my colleague and manager's sudden intervention makes things worse. I did not tell them what happen to me, but they know. They think they are helping me out by confronting A and B without notifying me. B start to call me a whistleblower etc.", 'Then A and B start to act kind and friendly towards me when everyone is around. But then when I am with them alone, they start to use indirect verbal bullying against me.', "A and B tend to come over to my table to have a chat with me individually. But end up if I don't follow her instruction, advice or suggestion. She will call me names or even say things in a rude way like I am not willing to cooperate tone.", 'I could not take it and wanted to resign but it dragged on for months because one of my colleagues needed to undergo an operation. But as time went by, my manager started to show a hostile attitude towards me. And I realised that A was giving things to my manager. And that makes me really disappointed in my manager. I always thought she is someone who worked according to regulation and split work from personal.', "My manager started to spread rumors about me saying that she helped me a lot. But in actual fact, I did not ask for any help from her since most of the time her helpfulness turns out to be a disadvantage for me in my learning and progress. And this created another rumor of me. Having a micro-managing style I was not able to have a lot of hands-on experience at work. That's another reason I want to leave. And me leaving seem like a betrayer to her kindness towards me.", 'During this period my work progress was affected, I could not concentrate. Due to the constant bullying acts by A and B, it ended up that I lost control of myself and fumed up and went crazy in the office. And losing control of my thoughts and speech-making things worse for myself.', 'Then on my last day working, my colleague who is defending herself from getting bullied told me A was acting. I could not react. Then B approach me and again gave me an indirect verbal lesson.', 'Due to the delay in leaving this company, I started to suffer from anxiety and ', '. It affected me when I got myself a new job and I could not continue working.', "I still could not get over this nightmare experience and it makes me want less to get in contact with any people at all. I lost confidence and my self-esteem gets lower. Going to therapy sessions doesn't help much.
A couple of years ago I was working as a temp-to-hire at a company through a third-party recruiting agency. My recruiter was super nice. Unfortunately, my boss wasn't.", 'At first, the lady I was replacing at my job, the administrative assistant, and the HR lady warned me about how "temperamental" my boss could get. My response was to make the best of it. But after seeing some past emails of her having a "fit" for not doing things her way, I should have taken it as a red flag. For example, one of her emails said: "Why didn\'t you do it this way to make my life easier?". She acted like a child for not getting her way.', "After the lady officially quit, I was left doing things by myself. However, since my boss worked remotely, I wasn't able to see her true colors. It was when she came into the office during my final 6 days there that things really went downhill.", "On her second day in the office, my boss pulled me into the conference room and lectured me about how I didn't do things right. And she said that I should have been fired on the spot for a minor mistake I made a few weeks ago. Her tone of voice was extremely nasty that it created butterflies in my stomach really badly.", 'I wasn\'t allowed to ask her questions either. If I did, she would talk down to me like I was some sort of idiot. Another incident? When I was handing papers to her that she requested, she was talking to a coworker. When she was done talking to the coworker, she scolded me for walking in between her and the coworker like I was a 5-year-old. Her words: "Don\'t walk in between us! Have some manners, okay?!" I was honestly quite embarrassed. Later on when my boss wasn\'t around, I confided in the HR lady about how embarrassed I was. The HR lady\'s words: "We warned you." Yes, she did warn me but I felt like kicking myself for not fleeing sooner. ', 'On the following Thursday, my boss asked me to check if I scanned some documents. I told her I would check. I absentmindedly forgot. She then said the following thing to me that nearly made me burst in tears: "Why did you lie? No, that wasn\'t checking! That was a lie! Don\'t give me an attitude! I am your supervisor! If I can reprimand you, I will reprimand you!" ', "That was the last straw. Following that, I could barely even stand up because I was completely stricken in fear. When she wasn't looking, I got up and walked out of the office, never to return. I darted down a few floors, called my recruiter, and told her to withdraw me from the temp assignment. Luckily, my recruiter was very understanding and apologized for the incident, then ended my contract there. I should also point out that I was so scared that I didn't even get my belongings; my recruiter had to come and get them for me and ask me to go to the recruiting agency to retrieve them.", "In short, never again will I put up with such disrespect and ignore the red flags. It should also be pointed out that 13 people quit under that boss within a 2-year span. Most weren't able to last a month under her. The lady I replaced lasted 8 months and she was surprised to have lasted that long; one guy quit after only 4 hours, one lady quit after 3 days, and another lady quit after 2 weeks. Yes, my boss was that bad.
I was supposed to be working as a supervisor with another office supervisor but she was a controlling person and very passive-aggressive. She used to spread rumors and gossip about me and try to humiliate me.', 'She would come in and tell me that my skirt was too short or put down my work. She would make mean comments over her shoulder as she walked away from me. She would explode with rage and scream at me from down the hallway.', 'Once she became angry that I had not included her friends in an after-hour event I was hosting for some students and she came marching down and made a scene in front of them then screamed at me all the way to court the next day. She was very aggressive and hostile and I frequently felt sick at the thought of coming to work.', 'When I complained to our boss she either did nothing or just told me that this person had suffered a hard childhood. I am a generally happy and outgoing person and she hated that about me. I am also very strong and outgoing but a person can only take so much.', 'Eventually, she was able to make up enough lies to get me transferred out of the office.
I was overseas when this happened to me. I had not realized I was being bullied for almost two years until I read a story in a health magazine of someone being bullied. I realized that all the pain and heartache was caused by the bully's behavior. ", 'I was in training. One day the bully asked me to do something. There is something I felt uncomfortable to do. I had a bad experience with guys before. So I tried to avoid to sit with that guy. But the bully was asking me to sit and talk with that guy.', "The bully actually was one of my bosses. I should do what she said if I want to finish my training. But I said no because I don't feel like to do that. And then she insisted. I felt uncomfortable and turned to someone else for support. Unfortunately, I got the same response was I have to do that. And then I escaped from that room and went downstairs.", 'The bully chased me downstairs and asked me to do that again. My jaw was quivering when I saw her came closer to me. I said no again. Then she turned her back and went away angry. Then the other trainer came and said to me she is my boss that I have to do what she said. I was crying and I said I will quit if she is my boss.', 'Then there was a long tearful conversation... finally, I stayed. I have a new boss after that. But my situation did not become better after that. The bully was picking on me in almost everything I do.', 'For example, one night we were preparing an event. It was already at around 11:30 pm at night. We have to pack candies and chocolates. I was tired already. One of the friend was packing and made arrangements for the candies to look good and well presented. What I need to do was I have to do what that friend did. Then I tried my best to learn from that friend and packing the candies.', 'After a while she came in and looked at the candies that I have packed. I can see she was not happy. But she said nothing and turned to my new boss and said something. Then my new boss came to me and said something like event is important and make some arrangements of the candies will be important.', 'I felt like I was not doing a good job and I was hurt inside. It was already almost midnight. And I wanted to go home to sleep. It was unreasonable to ask me to make the candies look the same as the other friend did while I am already sleepy.', 'The next morning when the event happened. I saw she was messing up the candies and the arrangement was not seen anymore. This proved that the arrangement was not important. What she wanted was to pick on me.', 'There were many times when she and I were alone. I can feel she was not friendly to me. What I wanted to do was to keep myself away from her. But sometimes I have no choice. I had not realized my health was damaged until one day I read that article about bullying. I was crying and feel no one understands me.', "Other people in the training don't want to be friends with me and avoid talking to me. Every time when I had a good friend and had a good time the friend was taken away from me and I was not allowed to walk with that friend. I found myself alone and had no support.", 'Finally, I decided to leave. Because I was crying every time  I experienced unfairness and coldness. Every time I was doing something good but she criticized me anyway. My health was declining and I suffered from depression.', 'Now I felt relieved after leaving. But the memory still bothers me every now and then. I felt I have no energy to do things. I felt tired all the time.', 'I post this article with the hope that people will treat others good. And if being bullied, they should protect themselves.
This incident of workplace bullying took place last year when I worked for an installment loan company in St. Louis, Missouri. I started working at this company from February 22, 2018 and quit June 15, 2018 because I was being abused.', "Every day I was being screamed at and cussed out. Humiliated in front of other people including customers. They called me bad names like ugly, goofy-looking, stupid, retarded, garbage, and a waste of space. I'm at my desk shaking and crying. My occupation working for this installment loan company was clerical office assistance and collections. Here is the type of workplace bullying I faced working for this company:", "In a way, I was perceived as mentally handicapped by the office managers based on appearance. However, they referred to me as slow, called me ugly, and said I was retarded. They misunderstood me on purpose that I can't catch on quick enough. Deliberately overlooked my accomplishments and constantly picked on me because my looks were giving them the creeps.", "The office managers were very hostile towards me and deliberately tried to confuse me. Other types of harassment was tampering with the computers behind my back. A few times before I started my shift I couldn't turn on my computer and got yelled at for asking for help. I was accused of bothering people when I tried to get help to turn on the computer so I can do my job. Accused of breaking the computers by one office manager and threatened me if I damage anything in their office it will come out of my paycheck.", 'I was wrongfully accused of slamming the phones so hard and screamed at all the time. "GO TO WORK!"... HANG UP THAT PHONE!"... "YOU ARE BOTHERING PEOPLE"... "YOU DON\'T KNOW NOTHING!" They saw me standing there needing assistance and was completely ignored on purpose but accused of doing nothing.', 'I wasn\'t getting a kind word at all. For example, they gave me dirty looks and the silent treatment. The only first word that came out of the office managers mouth was: "WHAT WERE YOU DOING BETWEEN 8 AM TO 9 AM?!" Then I tried to explain and she kept cutting me Off: " WHAT WERE YOU DOING BETWEEN 8 AM TO 9 AM?!" Then she threatened me again: "HOW PRODUCTIVE ARE YOU?!"', "She tried to get me to confess that I am worthless. Before this happened I have been repeatedly verbally abused so bad that I went in the bathroom crying. While I was in tears they sat there and ignored me. Didn't bother to apologize.
I have been bullied all my life ever since early childhood because of my physical appearance. However, everyone considers me as a monster or a dog with ugly distorted facial features and very repulsive and creepy-looking. The bullying of my entire life started since early childhood and it has been a pattern of me being bullied at work on multiple jobs in the past and still being bullied at my current job as a production worker based on my physical appearance that I have no control over. Based on my physical appearance, a lot of people perceive me as being intellectually disabled (formerly known as mentally retarded). I appear to a lot of people as ugly, physically unattractive, offensive, repulsive deformed, undesirable and goofy-looking. Such forms of workplace harassment include:', '1) Being mocked and ridiculed by my co-workers who referred to me as being mentally ill, retarded and slow who appear to be too incompetent to perform a simple easy task. They make fun of my facial features all the time by laughing in my face when they see me get up and walk. I heard one co-worker made snide remarks about my appearance that took place after the lunch period. I was walking toward the building after lunch break and I heard a group of young woman cracking up at me out loud in my face when they saw me. they said I look retarded and called me ugly.  One man at work called me ugly too after leaving the smoke area after lunch. "Here comes that ugly woman.. somebody needs to call animal control Ha ha ha! I look like a crack head and false rumors that I could be drunk and high of narcotics.', 'a) It has been a history of me being mocked and ridiculed at my previous employment as well because based on my appearance referred to being slow and retarded.  Like one time I worked at this call center in the past. One male co-worker taunted me when he point at me when I was walking by and said; " I don\'t want no woman like that." On temporary job assignment in the past, I was being mocked and ridiculed about my appearance. A group of men at this warehouse taunting me who was a black man and a Hispanic man who called me an ugly woman.', 'b) When I worked for an installment loan company downtown in St. Louis, MO last year. People mocked and ridiculed me about my appearance too and said I was an ugly woman. The office manager was also making fun of my looks too. She was gossiping and spreading rumors behind my back to the customers about me. Said look how you dress and look that is why I have a hard time getting a job.', "2) Another form of workplace bullying, I am being sabotaged at work and taken advantage of by other co-workers such as deliberately trying to get me in trouble and fired from my job. For example, lately, the team lead assigned me to produce boxes and stamp them. Once a few co-workers tried to set me up by telling me to do another project that is degrading duties like sweeping the cotton off the floors.  A few times I was assigned to clean the bathrooms and was advised no one is allowed to enter the bathrooms when they are closed when they see the sign. They teased me about that by still asking me can they use the bathroom while there is a big sign in their face the bathroom is closed. I told them by H.R standard I am not allowed to let them in the bathroom and they started harassing me. Deliberately provided me with damaged equipment to make it seem as though I'm too dumb to do a simple task. I was planning to do a new project skill sewing stuffed animals and I was being bullied by a co-worker who was the trainer. I was being deliberately given a damaged sewing machine that breaks needles on purpose designed to set me up to fail. When the needles break, I get blamed for it and the woman told the head manager she didn't want me on her team stated because I was too slow.  They pulled dirty jokes on me such as they had another stuffed animal on the conveyor belt and if I reach for it she will further humiliate me in front of other people. Other incidents on the previous place of employment they sabotage me because I look different to them for example:", "a) At the Installment loan company and other call center jobs, the managers sabotaged me by deliberately running conspiracies against me based on my appearance that include; tampering with my computer equipment that interferes with my job duties efficiently such as micromanaging. They gave me a username and password but didn't work when I tried to log into the system. Fired me when I request assistance to have the username and password reset. Stated the reason why they terminated my employment because I can't catch on and don't meet their expectations. This happened to me on several job assignments because I was perceived as intellectually disabled and repulsive to look at based on my appearance. Then claimed I don't have computer skills which I do because I worked in call center environments.  Like I was sabotaged by this temp agency out of town who send me a wrong laptop that was noticed on my job assignments at the hospital.  I had to leave and wait for another laptop to come and when I got back I didn't have a job. I asked for the site manager and was told she was in a meeting.   The installment loan company I worked for sabotaged me when the office manager told me to make copies of the loan application and then three weeks later the store owner screamed and yelled at me for wasting paper. Was not being given clear instruction on how to perform my job duties successfully. They didn't take their time to make themselves clear during training and set unrealistic expectations. However, they were talking and babbling really fast while I was writing things down. Belittled me when I asked questions and talked to me like a criminal.", '
I am sorry for anyone who has been on the receiving end of a bullies tongue and or experienced the evil actions of these disgusting human beings.', "I can align myself with survivors of bullying. My first experience was at school, I was 8 years old; I got called 'smelly' and no one wanted to play with me. I used to walk around at break times asking everyone if they would  play with me; they never did.", "I don't know how I survived that school but I was academic and pretty and obviously strong enough to get through it.", "It's only recent years that workplace bullies seem to enter my life. Currently I'm being bullied by a lady older than me who hates her job, she told me. When she said that; I wanted to say; well go leave here and let all the rest of the staff enjoy their work time.", "She picks me out every day for some misdemeanour or other, it's like an insidious illness in her; she cannot seem to stop herself.", "But let's not be fickle here, let's see these bullies for what they truly are; they have a mental disease called Narcissism. This means that they have outwardly at least, a feeling of entitlement and greatness, they feel like they are better than anyone one else.", "But dig deep and they are totally the opposite of what they seem to be, they're very insecure and feel like victims.", "They can usually be spotted by being the loner and quiet one in the corner of the room with a face as miserable as sin. They don't involve themselves with the warm chatter in the office they'll be the ones always complaining about one thing or another; especially if someone upsets their poor ego in some minute way, but they're hell bent on bullying someone else and don't give a damn.", 'They totally lack sympathy or empathy except they have a ton of it for themselves.', "They'll be the loud one when it suits them just to show everyone they're still around watching out for any little mistakes you might make, ready to pounce on you like a rabid dog.", 'They are the rotten apple in the box, they cannot stand people being happy or pretty or talented or clever or sweet or kind or easy going.', 'That is because they are everything BUT those fine things, they are unkind, mean, insecure, sour, in fact quite obnoxious.', "I've noticed that they will possibly have a little harem of people around them sometimes who probably feel it's better to keep your enemies close.", 'But yes, they will seek out those who have patience and kindness, those who they can bully and manipulate, control and be extra mean to with no fear of retribution because people are scared of the Narcissist. Because the Narcissist can turn on you at any given moment, they are the vulture; YOU are the PREY.', 'For me right now working in a lovely fun office at an entertainments park, with 99% of the staff who are kind and sweet; this Narcissistic bully sticks out like a sore thumb. She is like the Elephant in the room, as everyone just walks around her. And puts up with her mean antics.', "I've decided if she dares to make one more rude comment to me, or is unkind or unhelpful I am going to totally destroy her in front of everyone and make the biggest song and dance right there in the middle of the office.", 'No one has ever (as far as I know) brought her to justice.', 'Bullies are only bullies because people have allowed them to be, we need to STAND UP to the bullies and throw them out with the garbage.', 'You need to read this practical guide today...']
I used to enjoy my job, but due to behavior from new co-workers, I am considering quitting without having another job lined up.', "Every day I listen to these two make comments that my hours should be cut, I'm too slow at my job, that my position should be cut, that I screw up everything I do, etc. Keep in mind I've been in this job for 5 years compared to their 20 minutes and have always had positive reviews at work.", 'Their behavior has now crossed over to the manager who leads our location. He now participates in gossip with them which they then filter back to me. I never had a problem with this manager until the other two employees came on board.', 'I reported what was going on to upper management and was stripped of most of my job duties. I asked for specific examples of how I "screw things up" and no one could give me one example.', "I've also become the office scapegoat for mistakes that aren't mine. There are time stamps with name of the employee who made the errors and I still get blamed for it. The most recent one happened on a day I wasn't even at work. When I point these things out to management they don't want to hear it.", "It's depressing and degrading to come to work and be treated this way daily. I've never encountered anything like this in my 20 years of working. I've quit reporting incidents to management because they turn it back around on me and never address the employees involved on it."]
Hello everyone, I was also a mobbing victim, mainly because I am an individualist and I do not need to be accepted by a group at all cost. I want to do my job without disturbing anybody, help others if they need it and that's it. But this is too much for some people.", 'I do not like to gossip along with the group just because they expect me to join them, nor do I want to hate or isolate innocent people just because the group in power expects me to do so.', 'That way I became the scapegoat. But I am not going to describe my story here, all I want to know is why management does so little about those toxic people?', "I reported those issues, I showed them evidence—they wouldn't listen to me. They swept it under the carpet and later on they (management, HR) started to turn roles and blame me for everything!", "The funny thing is that the bullying group badmouthed not only me but other coworkers and even the management itself! So the manager and team leader were their victims in a way. I told that to the manager herself that she was being criticised and gossiped about, but she didn't even want to listen.", 'Only after I left the company my team leader said that "no mtter what you would do, they would always blame you for everything"; similarly the HR told me "they made a scapegoat of you".', 'They admitted it only after I quit the job but before that they bleached the mobbers and said I need to change my behaviour; there is something wrong with me that so many people are against me. Can you imagine that? Why all those lies? Hypocrisy.', 'Shortly after my leaving, my colleagues told me that the mobbers found a new victim—the new girl, and that the atmosphere is as bad as it was when I was there, nothing changed.', "My question is—why does management get rid of the victims instead of those toxic psychopaths? This way they will never fix the problem and new people will be victimized. It's as if the management feared their own subordinates. That's ridiculous!", 'You need to read this practical guide today...']
I used worked for English family (from India). But to ones dog will be have better life there as nanny. ', "When I finished do task for day. My boss wasn't naff (I worked as nanny-housekeeper). She gave me paper what in which day I should do. And if I finish I can read, or go out. When I finished she come in my room with why I read if I should do something. When I told her I did everything, she did agree with not. I need worked from 7am till... ", "I for £350 weekly plus each Saturday morning. Letter when I asked her for reference she didn't give me. I did more as nanny housekeeper does. I take shower 3 times a week. Because was told I using toooo much water. Her husband sometimes shout on my even I didn't have clue about what he talk to me.", "She told her kids that they should to me said sorry. I even doesn't wanted remember what else they did. The room what I used use was as storage, everything from kids, iron stuff, with kids old toys.", "Money stole which I couldn't do anything about it. Police told me that is okay. ", 'Better no comment...
I spent two years at the University of Oxford as a researcher. Unfortunately, one of the principal investigators of the project I was involved in was known to dislike working with women, in particular if foreigners (and I was unlucky enough to be both). I had never the chance to present my work and results. Never, for two years. They were not interested. ', 'When I began to report this situation to my supervisor, he just told me to look for a new job. At that point the nightmare began. I started the interviews and when I found a new position I was asked when I wanted to leave. I agreed a leaving date with my supervisor, I declined several offers and I decided for the one I preferred. After a month we agreed a date, I was told that I had to leave 5 months before that date. I had not signed any resignation letter, I just informed my supervisor that I was looking for another job and when I was thinking to leave. ', 'I met a solicitor, I met a harassment advisor at the University: the people in my group just wanted to make me leave, so they told me that I had to be quiet and do what they wanted, that it would have been better for me to maintain a good relationship with them. They told me that if I started to say something, they would have said that they wanted to fire me anyway and they would have been compact in saying everything was needed to defame me. I had only to accept what they wanted. And so I resigned and now I expect several months with no job. ', 'There are many procedures in UK and at the University of Oxford as well. But all the procedures pass through the same department you are reporting. And this makes the reporting person feel lonely and weak. When you are young and your are afraid of finding a new job and develop your career, bullying people seem to have all the strength. The only solution is legal, but this is not particularly good for the bullied person as well, since it means energy, psychological stress and often a lot of money. ', 'I think it would be important to create a support structure for those who want to report, since otherwise there will always be a few amount of reports of bullying and harassment behaviours.
Hi everyone, I wanted to share my current experience of bullying and harassment in the workplace, and hopefully get some advice and support from anyone that can relate. I will try and keep this short.', 'I started my new job about 5 months ago and feel that I had been targeted within the first 5 days. I work for a big bank in a large corporate office environment. It started off very subtly with coughing. People on my team started coughing around me throughout the day. More and more people seemed to have chronic coughs as time went on. It felt hostile, but I can’t do much about coughing so just got on with it.', 'Suddenly there was a team change and everyone on my team was moved other than me and 2 others, and the manager (it was a team of about 15). Same thing started happening again. At this point, I thought if it was bullying then it would escalate. Sure enough within a couple of weeks people started making nasty comments within earshot and laughing hysterically - I was being ridiculed. This happens on a daily basis. ', 'Also, I started to notice people walking past me down the corridor were also joining in. Making nasty comments as they passed. Saying things like “we are going to destroy you” or sniggering/sulking when they walk past, insinuating that I should kill myself etc. These are people I have never met before. New starters are also being encouraged to join in. I now have people saying "freak", “f-off”, “piss off” and “leave” within earshot, including my manager.', "Now even when I go to the canteen I hear people making derogatory remarks which I'm pretty sure are directed towards me.", "I would say that I am a fairly quiet, polite and nice person. I keep to myself most of the time and get on with my work. I have mild to moderate scoliosis and am half Mediterranean, half English. I may be slightly autistic (not diagnosed though). I don't see how I am a freak, pretty sure I don't look odd. This is the worst bullying and harassment I have ever experienced and I am starting to feel the effects. Not sure how much longer I can function.", "Does anyone know what's going on here?"]
I was working with the post office for over four years when a thirty year+ employee referred his friend to transfer into the post office that I was currently working at.', 'While I transferred to this post office I had never had any investigative interviews. The harassment and (5) threats of termination, being manually clocked out while I was still delivering mail became emotionally and physically exhausting where I would vomit prior to reporting to work each day.', 'I am a female and the post master continue to call me dude and stated that he have enough on me to get me gone. I was continuously written up, given routes that would have me to come in late. Violation of my FMLA rights.', "The 30+ year veteran told management that I was speaking about the post master and the supervisor in a negative way to a union official and that's when the harassment came. And did not stop.", 'Currently because of the abuse I am taking anxiety, depression medication and sleep aid assistant medication. I have to see a physician. The post master went to several employees and stated that my spouse was physically abusing me.
The following is a response I gave to a lady who is dealing with severe bullying at work and she was asking how a complaint I filed with the Human Rights Commission turned out...', "I'm sorry to hear about what you are going through. Unfortunately, most of the organizations/institutions involved have their own agendas that don't include your well-being.", 'I also filed a human rights complaint. After 6 years of diddle daddling by the Albert Human Rights Commission, there was a Supreme Court ruling that came down in an unrelated case.', 'Apparently, a woman who had a PRE-EXISTING condition was taking a lot of time off work as a result of that condition. She was eventually terminated from her job. The Supreme Court ruled that her time off work due to the pre-existing condition imposed an "undue hardship" on the company and that they were justified in terminating her.', 'As a result of this ruling the Alberta Human Rights Commission, after 6 years of doing nothing, dismissed my complaint. Even though the sick time in my case was not due to a pre-existing condition, but as a result of the C-PTSD and other issues caused by the abuse.', 'They told me it didn\'t matter that the injury that resulted in time off work had been caused by the employer. In fact, they are not allowed to address the issue of "cause" at all. They are also not allowed to mention "bullying" in their decision.', 'When I went to the final meeting with the AHRC investigator, she told me that her investigation had uncovered that the company and union were... evil. She was actually—in tears—as she told me that she had found out from the HR Directory at the Calgary Herald that they knew the effect the constant bullying and mobbing was having and encouraged it in the hopes that it would drive me to suicide.', "I knew this, of course. But this was a Human Rights Investigator, in tears, telling me this about what she had uncovered independently. They couldn't just fire me because I was among their best and most dedicated workers (that's what attracted the bullies in the union to attack me in the first place) so they hoped they could get rid of me by causing me to kill myself.", "It's ironic that the reason the company wanted to fire me is precisely because I was such a good worker who went well above and beyond the basic requirements of the job. I won't bore you with the details, but this drove the more senior guys in the union, including the president, insane. It was constant attacks, backstabbing, bad-mouthing, and actual sabotage of production files. (I worked in the advertising design and production department.)", 'So, does the company address this bullying and go up against a cadre of loud, belligerent goons who comprised a large portion of the executive and senior members of the union... or do they join in the abuse and threaten and silence me?', "They, of course, chose the latter. Unfortunately, they couldn't just do the union goons' bidding and fire me because they had no cause—as I was actually an exemplary employee.", "At about that time the company was bought by the Aspers and there was a real push to cut staff. Except there was the problem of my seniority, so I was safe from normal cuts which would have to come from the lowest seniority first. And, despite their best efforts, I hadn't yet committed suicide. So how to appease the union goons and get rid of me and appease the new owners with staff cuts?", 'All of this abuse had resulted in my having to take sick leave due to the stress and C-PTSD. (I was actually on short-term disability when I was fired.) So they used that as a justification for termination. Also, with termination for "just cause", they didn\'t have to pay me anything in severance. After 22 years I was given $0.00 in severance. We then lost everything, including our home.', "Sorry if I've gone on too long. But that's basically how that turned out. Unfortunately, you can't trust any of them. They are looking out for their interests first. If those interests coincide with yours, great. If not, they will think nothing of destroying you.", "This is why I often recommend getting out of these places and away from those kinds of people. It's great to fight the good fight, but you have to weigh that against the resources you really have and where best they will be spent—fighting them or moving on.
I'm a normal young man with 27 years old. This is not the first time I have been bullied at work. I left my previous job for that very reason, but I will not dwell on this story.", 'I started my PhD almost two years ago at a prestigious university. At the time I was integrated into a team with three more people, three women, and I felt that I was having the opportunity of a lifetime. The atmosphere was relaxed, we talked and laughed a lot, I have a flexible schedule and a good salary. All very different from my previous work. I always had great success in the academic and professional world, so when I won a scholarship to join the team, I was introduced with great pomp, many compliments from previous supervisors and much general expectation.', "A number of problems have occurred simultaneously, culminating in the current situation. First I began to notice that the conversations that my colleagues had always had a common theme: to speak ill of others. Speaking ill of people from neighboring laboratories, talking badly about people who worked with us, speaking ill of the girl who passed in the hall, of the man who works in the bar ... of everything and everyone, speaking badly about the way of speaking, dressing, posture, beauty, physical shape etc. It started to bother me a lot because I'm not the kind of person who likes to gossip, talk about physical and irrelevant aspects.", 'Besides, I began to notice that they were all arrogant, thinking they were better than anyone, homophobic, racist ... that started to make me not participate in the jokes and comments they made, because I did not identify with them. Secondly, from the professional point of view, I also noticed some problems. I have a scholarship to finish my PhD, which I have to finish in 4 years. The laboratory has several ongoing projects that are the responsibility of two of my colleagues.', 'Although I had a little training at the beginning of my PhD, the truth is that the things I had to do were never a priority. It was always left for later, the projects are more important, it is what brings money to the laboratory etc etc. I had to start becoming independent and doing things for myself, otherwise within two years, nothing of my doctorate would be done. My posture has always been to do what I have to do, without bothering people with it. Whenever someone asks me for something, I do not refuse, but otherwise I deal with my affairs without annoying anyone. And I thought this was the best attitude.', 'The third element that created problems is my attitude in life. Being a PhD student, I am not nor have I ever been a workaholic in the sense of focusing all my life on this part of my day to day life and having no life abroad. I was always very proactive and dynamic in my interests, and I participate and apply for many other programs in other areas, conferences, youth meetings, competitions and hobbies ... this makes me to be frequently selected to go to other countries to speak or participate in programs, win prizes, travel a lot ... anyway, all that my colleagues, who do not have a life beyond work and live obsessed with it, do not have. All this brought me to the situation in which I am today.', "My colleagues slowly began to ostracize me. We are four people inside a laboratory, and I am completely ignored. They talk in front of me, they organize things that concern me without consulting me, they go out and they always come together, they have a whatsapp group where I'm not included ... this has lasted for months, and it has greatly affected my psychological state. I'm clearly suffering from workplace bullying.", 'The position of the three people is clearly defined: there is one leader, the most arrogant person, who practically commands the other two. Of the other two, one is cooperative and helps in the acts of bullying, the third is conniving, says nothing but does not act against them. In addition to being ostracized, I also suffer virtual attacks, with accusatory messages sent in the whatsapp group that we have with my supervisor (so my boss), by email ... any mistakes I make are pointed out as the end of the world, but rarely are said things in person, only digitally, in a disguised way so that the supervisor is informed of my failures.', 'It was never my goal to get into this situation, I never wanted to be put aside and not help in the projects, much less be treated in this way. As I said initially my goal was always to move forward with my work without disturbing anyone, but always helping the team when I was asked.', 'At this moment I feel alone, isolated, ill treated, ignored, put aside. I can not stop thinking about work, I sleep badly, it has affected my day to day and my mind. Talking to my supervisor is not an option, I have two more years of PhD and I do not know how I will face this...
I started work a few months ago with a very large well known PLC. On paper the company claimed to be a fantastic employer and had won awards for its investing in people and care of employees.', 'The first few months were fine and I thought how lucky I was to bag such a good job with such a well known company.', "I did struggle with the new processes I was using and the work load was intense, but that's what I love to be stretched and to learn new skills.", "One day I went into work and greeted my manager as normal with a cheerful morning only to be ignored completely, really ignored, I couldn't believe it. This spread like wild fire and every person I spoke to treated me with cold and distant treatment. I have never experienced anything like this in my 40 years of working life, it was awful, but I am not a quitter so I battled on and got on with my work in the worst atmospheres I have ever had to endure.", 'A few weeks later I agreed to do a Saturday as the work load was really getting too much for just 5 days, I had worked other weekends before and really had no objection to doing so. After working just 1 hour my manager told me to go home, bearing in mind it was a 3/4 hour drive in. I was livid, but held my cool and left. The following Monday was my last day before my holiday and whilst leaving the office to wash my cup up I realised I had forgotten my key fob so I doubled back and as I approached the door I heard a terrible conversation which was a catalogue of lies coming from my manager to another member of staff.', 'I went home and emailed HR, my Manager and her Manager requesting a meeting. No one replied so I requested it again and eventually my manager replied confirming a meeting was arranged with just her—the perpetrator of the bullying and slander.', 'I had the meeting, at which she was shocked at my discovery of her conversation, she realised she had been caught out and I had found out she was turning everyone against me, she apologised and cried as I think she realised the implications of her actions. She asked if we could draw a line and start again and I stupidly agreed.', 'It all got miraculously better with my working relationship with her, but the dye was cast with quite a few other colleagues as they were never privy to the fact she had been lying to them purely to discredit me. I became invisible and was made to feel very inadequate. She even used to laugh and say no one took me seriously and only performed when she got involved.', "Then I started getting the comments relating to my age, how the job was making me ill, I didn't feel ill but suddenly I was aware of my age which up to then was never a problem to me. I kept looking in the mirror thinking am I too old for all this?? To say my confidence nose dived would be an understatement, I jump out of my skin at loud noises, I have chest pains and can't sleep, I know I'm not too old and I know I have plenty to give but then self doubt comes in and I just don't know why I am letting her make me feel like this.", 'I handed in my notice as I knew this constant chipping away would never stop.', "The girls in my office didn't want me to go and I found out lots of lies had been told about me.", "Why did she do this I do not know, I wish I did, she has ruined my life for now but I will get over it because I'm a strong woman really, I am not that twittering silly nervous wreck she turned me into.", "My new job is fine, it doesn't pay nearly as well, I won't be able to trust anyone there just yet which is a shame as they seem lovely.
I have been working in the same office for about 10 years. A few years ago a new worker transferred to the office. She was assigned a simple task picking up the mail. Most days she would "forget" to do this task. Supervisor said nothing.', "Few years later, she's molded the office to her control. Spends hours each day on personal calls. Some lasting 20 minutes to an hour. Surfs the net, long lunches, socializing with her friends instead of working,wanders in and out all day. But that's not enough.  Now she's spreading lies about me and threatening me openly. Supervisor looks the other way to all of the above.  Have no proof of threats.", 'Now I am being mobbed by her friends. No one to support me.
I have been a nurse for forty years and over the last year that I have moved here to the south and been working at this hospital, my abuse is from the patients. I find it very interesting that the patients that live here in this southern city/state are actually quite sweet and non-violent but what me and my colleagues are experiencing is making us leave this job arena.', 'We get the northern transplants—New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, Vermont, Pennsylvania, Boston, Maryland, and the others in that neck of the woods and they are VERBALLY abusive to the nurses, threaten the nurses with, "I\'ll have your job", etc. because we don\'t do what THEY want NOT what the physician has ordered.', 'They do not say please/thank you just DO IT, GET THIS, ARE YOU STUPID OR WHAT. The rudeness and condescension is absolutely appalling. Why do these people feel that their bombastic and rude behavior is to be tolerated. Even if you politely tell them that you are uncomfortable with this type of behavior and tone of voice/mannerisms, they call your supervisor and "fire" you from their care.', "One man from New Jersey fired every nurse he had and administration at our hospital tolerated this behavior and has all the other behavior we experience because they don't want their name soiled. Then they wonder why there is a nursing shortage.", "You don't pay me enough to put up with such rudeness and despicable behavior. I forewarn EVERY nursing student what it is like so they can make an educated decision. I wish that more nursing journals would do articles on this to help nurses recognize and cope.", "And along with that, how to hand that 80 year old demented patient that acts like the three year old (kicking you, biting you, pulling your hair, punching you in the face, YET doing all these things with the strength of an adult). Their family will not stay and handle them YET won't let you sedate or tie them down.", 'Workplace bullying is NOT just nurse on nurse or physician on nurse, it is patient on nurse more times than not.
I was hired on to an Oncology Unit. A co-worker I had previously worked with told her manager, and after a rather uncomfortable interview, I accepted the position. I had no experience in ONC, with the exception that my mother fought and lost the battle with primary CNS lymphoma. My background was with trauma patients. ', 'My preceptor asked me how long I had been in nursing, which at the time was just under 10 years. Her response to me was that she had been a nurse for three years on this floor and graduated with a BSN. She would then proceed to belittle me every chance she could. They used a different program for charting, so when I didn\'t pick it up as quickly as she expected me to, it was "well, you\'ve been a nurse for 10 years, you should know this". I had not taken chemo certification class, and so I asked questions when I was unsure of something. Again, her answer was "well, you\'ve been a nurse for 10 years". It was clearly her favorite thing to say to me. Every time I turned around.', "She was a Charge Nurse as well. And she would log into my patient load and monitor my charting. If I hung an antibiotic 30 minutes late, she would call and ask why, instead of asking if I needed a hand. Also, parameters are 1 hour before and 1 hour after the scheduled time. It's tricky to hang an IV antibiotic while you are trying to administer Demerol for rigors to a patient with a temp of 104 and a zero ANC. She also had a friend who was a charge nurse as well. Turns out they went to high school together. The same school my kids went to from K-12. This girl was on her phone from the time she clocked in 15min late every shift, until the time she left the unit in the evening. And she was as approachable as a rabid trash panda. Forget asking that one for help. She was something else, and apparently I am not the only nurse or CNA who felt that way.", "One day, I was charting in a cubby across the hall from a patient room. One of the CNAs came out and asked if I could assist as Nurse Nancy know-it-all was doing a tube feed in another room. The patient's wife was concerned because her husband appeared to be unresponsive to her. I assessed the patient and noted that his pupils were pinpoint, and his respirations were shallow and 6/min. I spoke to the wife briefly and went to find good ole Nurse Nancy (not her real name, of course). I told her that her patient in room X needed some Narcan. She laughed at me. She proceeded to tell me that she had given the patient MS ER and that Narcan wouldn't do any good. I felt my jaw hit the floor. I explained to her that we may have to give it more than once, and that the wife was concerned as well as myself.", "Enter Charge Nurse 2, the iPhone queen. Vitals machine in tow, she exited patient's room and said that his O2 was OK, and that THEY should wait to give the Narcan. I did not feel the same way. I asked Miss smarty pants how long we were supposed to wait because where I come from, not breathing adequately is usually an urgent issue. She informed me that because this is Oncology and patients are suffering with cancer pain, that we just watch them for a little while. I asked her if this particular patient was a DNR. She shrugged her shoulders and said he was on palliative care. She also informed me that they would have to get an order for Narcan, and then wait to be able to pull the drug. The dynamic duo then brushed me off completely. Fine. Clearly they had this handled and I was of no help to them.", 'Half an hour later, Nancy know-it-all comes rushing up to me in the hall. I will never forget what she said or how.', 'She was tapping on her watch face and said to me, "you wanted to know how long we wait to give Narcan, well THIS is how long we wait. We need to do this NOW\'. Well, all I could think was who are we? Do you have a mouse in your pocket? She grabbed the iPhone queen and about 5 minutes later they approached me with some urgency. "Can you pull Narcan for me?" Her balls were dragging behind her, that\'s how big they are. "I can." And then the clue bird flew low. "You\'ve never given Narcan, have you?" Of course her answer was no, and she was scared to death. I pulled the drug and gave her the vial. I explained to her how to give it and I told her if she was worried about her patient she didn\'t have to push it fast.', "The patient required Narcan three more times. She had given 15mg initially, to a narcotic naive patient, and it didn't help. She called the MD, who told her to give an additional 30mg. That is where she made her first mistake. I talked with the Nurse Manager regarding how poorly the situation was handled, and she asked me if I charted any of it. Eh? I provided no cares. I can't chart that the dynamic duo chose negligence so that someone else didn't 'steal their thunder'. A couple of weeks later, Nurse Nancy know-it-all asked if she could speak to me in the med room. Sure.", "She apologized to me. She said she didn't know what to do because she had never given Narcan before and she was scared. I lit into her. I told her that she should have questioned the order to begin with. Just because the MD is a MD doesn't mean that you don't advocate for patient safety. I told her that I have given Narcan many, many times. That we kept it taped to the PCA machine poles. I told her that her friend the iPhone queen sat and blew smoke up my ass, and that if she thought I was stupid enough to buy what she was selling then she should be ashamed of herself. I told her that I didn't know anything about chemo drugs, and that is why I open my big mouth and ASK. I told her that it was poor nursing judgement and that we should be working as a team to provide patient care, regardless of the assignment. I'm sure I had some other topics to scold her on, but this was the gist. Her friend, the iPhone queen simply scoffed and rolled her eyes at me at every opportunity.", 'After that incident, neither of them really spoke to me. And one day, I told the Nurse Manger that I wouldn\'t be returning. She had the sack to try and tell me that it was patient abandonment, to which I replied "what?". Then she tried to tell me that I would never get another job because quitting without notice would look bad on my resume. I wrote a letter to HR citing a hostile work environment and nurse bullying. Turns out a social worker and a case manager left in the same month for the same reasons. I spoke with one of those people and it was the same dynamic duo. It has been a few years and most of the people who I worked with at the time are gone. The dynamic duo are still there. They will likely grow old there, chasing off good competent staff with their nasty antics.
I have been at my new job for 5 weeks. My first 4 weeks were supposed to be training weeks but I was placed with an individual who clearly didn't want to help me. She swore at me and started to call me to other staff members. This was on my 4th day with the company. I was advised by other staff members to talk to my team leader about it which I did. Wish I hadn't.", 'I have been cold shouldered ever since. I was told to put it behind me and start my training fresh with someone new the following week. After two weeks training with a new person I felt really good but noticed that my team leader stopped taking interest. She would walk past my desk without comment but make a point of going to everyone else on the team and enquiring on how they were getting on.', 'I noticed that two people who started around the same time were getting lots of support and encouragement from her. Whenever I asked her anything, her replies were short and she would move on quickly. Whenever she has to speak to me, the look on her face is as though she has a sour taste in her mouth.', 'I was taken off my training after 2 weeks and placed with a manager away from the rest of the team. The manager is a friend of my team leader and was no help at all.', "After 2 days I got a little upset as something cropped up that I hadn't been trained on. Later the same day I was called into a side office with the manager and team leader and basically told that they were moving me out of the team to downstairs. Basically I was being demoted. I was so gutted.", "I tried to put my point across that my training had been inconsistent. They said they no longer had the time and resources to train me any further. When I started, I was told no pressure and that they would give me all the time I needed. The two guys who had been training me can't understand it. Both of them had said how well I was doing in progress meetings. I was moved literally the following day.", "The team leader keeps coming downstairs all of a sudden and she makes a point of talking to everyone in the room and treating me as though I am invisible. The office manager had a review with me only a couple of weeks ago and said that they were really happy with where I was at. I don't understand it at all.", "On Friday the team leader came down and stood behind my chair while she was talking to my new manager. She was swearing and I mean swearing. She glares at me and that is the only eye contact I get. I am on 3 months probation but I don't think they will be keeping me on.", "Another colleague said that my face just probably didn't fit because they had done the same to her. It is so horrible. I think I will just look for another job. I don't think there's any excuse for the treatment I am getting.
I was offered a job 3 years ago by my friend and colleague at the time to be her head tech at her new practice she was starting. I jumped at the chance being the place I was working at the time just sold out to a corporation. Unfortunately this ended up being the biggest mistake I ever made.', 'After our first manager did not work out ( which later got blamed on me ), my boss then let her boyfriend who had absolutely nothing experience ever in an animal hospital take over the manager position. This was after he purposely got rid of the first manager.', 'Well, slowly but surely I became the next victim. It started by me noticing that our controlled substance log was off by a lot and I kept bringing it to my bosses attention and she would get angry at me. Then suddenly remarks started get made like who will be the next to go who will be the next "insert old managers name" then I would get incoherent texts late at night.', 'Then the next day a responsibility was taken away from me. He would pace back and forth like a caged animal causing agitation and making everyone uncomfortable. He would take over my jobs, hide things from me, say belittling comments. He would screw up appointment constantly and was rude to clients. And every time I would call him out on his crap or tell my boss then I would suddenly be the bad person, I would be the instigator of whispering and I complained about everything even though other employees brought up same issues with the boss.', "Every time he was backed into a corner he convinced my boss it was my fault. Things just became worse and worse. He is a very mentally unstable person. He came into work drunk when our boss was out of town. She did nothing. He spends the night at work and will leave dirty nasty underwear in exam rooms. Messes everywhere. Will tell clients personal information that they should not be hearing. There would beer spilt all over the floor, beer cans in the back yard or garbage cans, we would find spilled pills on the floor. And every time something would be brought to the boss's attention about him, I would be the one to pay.", 'Papers would be left in the printer or on my computer screen, how to get rid of a toxic employee. He did this again while I was in the middle of a procedure with animal and another employee saw got fed up and posted something on Facebook about bad managers. He saw it and immediately blamed me, even though she told him exactly why she did it because she was tired of him coming into work intoxicated, leaving nasty clothes everywhere, lying, not caring for animals when he says he going to and on and on.', 'He said I told her to do it then texted my husband asking what to do with me and the only reason they kept me around was out of respect for him and my daughter who also works there. He said that everyone was advising my boss to fire me. At this point I was so depressed and anxiety ridden I could not even think straight. I had to go to the doctor and get medication.', 'I told my boss, I thought surely she will finally see the light. Nope I was forced to take a week off for "for my own good" was told it would be paid time off. Came into work today and my code was out of the computer so I couldn\'t clock in. When I approached them asking why, my boss said we will have to talk about that. I asked about my paid time off, and was told I was only getting part of it but was going to loose vacation time for my behavior. When I asked what I did I was told again that I do nothing but complain and instigate problems and that last week was so nice without me there.', "When I ask about the harassment from her boyfriend she admitted there was a problem, but then immediately started blaming me for everything. Needless to say I quit. 27 years as a vet tech and it's now ruined by a drunken narcissistic jerk, playing manager and a person I thought was my friend and mentor choosing to believe him instead of facing the truth.
I had worked in a small restaurant for nearly two years and at the end of my employment there I had been bullied so badly I wished I was dead. Nobody seriously gave a shit what happened to me including all of those at the workplace who I thought were my closest friends.', 'I ended up going out with a few of them. I was having a good night. Suddenly as the nightmare went on I noticed everyone acting different towards me started giving me ugly looks from practically everyone I was there with.', 'The next day went into work and was soon bullied by everyone I thought I knew to be my friend was not. I could hear everyone talking behind my back and passive aggressively attacking me for my body type. Calling me names making fun of me behind my back every single day.', 'I wanted to kill myself while I was there and didn’t have one friend that I could trust accept for my own mother. I felt worthless to the world. Everywhere I went I felt dead like I didn’t mean anything to anybody.', 'Turned out my "friends" from work put a video of me and my ex on the internet and everyone was staring at me laughing at me behind my back. It was so bad I ended up getting fired because nobody wanted to work with me because I would get so sick of the bullying and bulls***  and get angry but I would not stick up for myself. And when I actually did stick up for myself told my boss I was called mental crazy.', 'Everyone didn’t care I was having a mental breakdown and nobody cared. If it wasn’t for my young son I needed to be there for I probably would  not be here today. The one person you can’t let down is your kids.', 'Since I got fired haven’t been able to find a job period and I still hear people talking bad about me or I just feel that way now. Bullying has ruined my memory and way of thinking. I am so damaged I trust nobody... I am still here. Talk to your kids...
I worked as a teacher for 15 years without incident and had a spotless record. A new special education teacher came to me in distress because some third grade black teachers had been rude to her. She went in to introduce herself, and they both basically laughed at her. One said, "Who this cracker think she is?" I knew what type of people they were and it disgusted me that she was treated that way and the kids even heard it too.', "Both principals were black too, but I knew they wouldn't think it was professional to act like that. I decided to tell on them and my principal was glad at the time that I did. However, someway the word got back to them that I was the one that told. I was really sorry I ever did. I ended up losing my job.", 'One of the black teachers assaulted me finally, but the way staff handled it...I got arrested and lost my job over it. I thought my principal would protect me, but she did not. The teacher would humiliate me in front of other staff and students. Then she would run and tell the facts to our principal, but do so in a way that ended up making me look like the problem.', 'I begged my principal for a sit down meeting where we could get our problems worked out with a third party mentor. I asked three times and was denied all three times and basically told to be quiet about it.', 'I was crying in my room on a regular basis from the things they would do to me. I got so distressed that I asked co-workers what to do. That would come back to haunt me. I was so upset when I talked to some of them that I mentioned that I might put my hands on her if she hurt my son. My son was coming to that school and I begged my principal not to put him in the classroom of the person bullying me.', "She held it over my head for about a week like she was actually considering putting him in there...just to be controlling. All of the ESL students were in her classroom in the third grade, and he was an ESL student at that time. There were only 10 days left in the school year, so it really didn't matter where she put him. However she enjoyed taunting me with her power.", "I made some stupid statements to colleagues that I would hurt the other teacher if she hurt my son like she did me and treated him bad. It was in private conversation, but ended up being used to fire me. My principal was tired of hearing about me being bullied and didn't want to deal with it. It hurt so much because it basically invalidated me.", 'She ended up putting my son in another classroom after making me anguish about a week and wait for her decision. Any decent person would\'ve said of course I wont put you through forcing your son to be in the classroom of your person who is bullying you. Not mine...she enjoyed making me wait a week to find out what she "felt" like doing.', "She had my colleagues to write up statements against me citing our private conversations to use as evidence to fire me. They didn't want to, but didn't have a choice. However, I didn't know they had done it the morning the other teacher assaulted me.", 'We were in an area where there we no adult witnesses (visually). I walked up to let her know I was taking the children out of her care that I serviced. It was in the middle of having to evacuate her classroom because a disturbed child had a meltdown and was destroying her room. When that happens, all you can do is get the others to safety and let them destroy whatever they want to until they calm down. We are not allowed to restrain them in any way.', 'I know she was upset because she had a beautiful classroom that was being torn apart and had to basically sit back and watch it happen. I walked up to tell her I would be taking three children I serviced with me. One of them had a parent that was there to eat lunch with him at the picnic we were having that day. His mom was going to come upstairs, but I wanted to get him downstairs before she came up because I knew if she saw a child acting violently and tearing up a classroom she would be worried.', 'I went up to say I was taking the children and she put her hand up in front of my face and wouldn\'t let me speak. I asked her to treat me as an adult and not talk down to me like a child. It was actually the 1st time I had ever said anything "back" to her. She was used to me silently walking away every time she talked down to me. It angered her that I said anything back to her and she took her hands and jabbed them in my chest. I didn\'t retaliate.', "As soon as she did it she started yelling that I had pushed her. She knew no one actually saw it, but realized she needed to convince everyone that I was the one that started it. Other teachers within earshot heard her and came to assist us. No one saw except the children. She kept saying I had pushed her first, which I knew was wrong, but at the time I didn't understand why she was lying about what all those kids had seen.", "I didn't worry. I knew I hadn't done anything wrong. My principal took me to an office and I requested she take photos of the red marks on my chest. I did not have access to my purse or cell phone. She dismissed me as usual and said she was busy typing up documentation.", 'My principal said I was not allowed to call police. She knew police had to be called, but she wanted to be the one to do it. I complied. She pretended all day to believe me and treat me as the "victim." The whole time she was working against me. She wouldn\'t let me come in the next room where they were reviewing the camera footage. I stayed in that same office for 5 hours and she pacified me by acting like she believed I was the victim. She was plotting against me.', 'She finally called police, but took them to the other teacher first. The other teacher had not been confined all day and moved freely, collected allies, and made everyone believe I had actually pushed her. I was shocked when the police arrested me for assault. I begged them to just ask the children what happened, but they refused since it was time for dismissal and they said they would need parent signature to do so.', "They used my statements against me that I had made earlier to friends I had confided in to determine that I would lose my career. When I had confided in those ladies I was in tears and emotional. Of course I said things I wished I hadn't. I was referring to what I would do if she mistreated my ten year old son. They used my statements from before I knew which classroom he would be placed in to determine firing me. That was not the scenario that had happened, but it didn't matter.", 'The statements made me look guilty but were taken out of context for the most part. I lost my 15 year career. I decided to resign, because they said they would give me neutral references.', "I went to court for the assault charges three times, but the other teacher wouldn't show up. The DA tried to get her to, but she didn't want to come, so it was dismissed. I had already spent 6000 in legal fees and never recovered it. I got the dismissal expunged.", "I still cannot get a job as a teacher or even at the pawn shop or as a secretary. I think they are releasing my info which they said they wouldn't do if I would resign. I cannot get jobs way below my skill set. All of this happened on Friday May 13th, 2016. I am still suffering. My kids don't have health insurance and I am unemployed.", 'I have worked all of my life, since I was 16. The principal advised the entire faculty to have no contact with me whatsoever (I just found out). A parent told me the kids were told not to talk about what happened that day or they would be in trouble. I guess what hurts the most is that I left my career in a legacy of "troublemaker" is associated with my name. It hurts so badly because it is untrue, and there is nothing I can do about it.', "The teacher that assaulted me got into trouble this last spring (2018) for stealing at that same school. She will probably get to keep her job if she pays back what she took. That's what someone told me that is keeping up with her situation. She was a few weeks pregnant when she assaulted me, but put on the police report that I assaulted someone who was obviously pregnant...no one even knew...she was fat and it was just adding insult to injury.", 'I would appreciate any feedback. I filed a report with the EEOC in a timely manner when the incident happened. Her getting in trouble stealing has planted the seed in my head that there is hope for Human Resources to finally believe me. I just want my name cleared and the truth to come out.', 'I was such a dedicated teacher. I have lost my self worth and identity through it all. I used to feel important, but now I no longer care or dress up or put my makeup on. I want my dignity back. I want the truth to reveal itself.', 'My principal quit the following year and is currently selling real estate. There are many people from my old job who still shun me.', "I feel my chances for getting any kind of a job are terrible because even though they said they would give me a neutral reference, I don't think they are. I worked there for so long I have no choice but to list them as a previous employer.", 'Some colleagues sneak and talk to me. I lost all of my personal items in my classroom.
I worked for a Industry Training Organisation. For my first 7 weeks, the team leader was friendly. In the 8th week when I started to ask questions saw a change in her behaviour where she was aggressive in a group environment then did not communicate with me unless required through group meetings.', "I addressed this twice with my direct manager where we were going to sit down and mediate to resolve issues. Unfortunately, I was terminated under the 90 days clause due to her lies. Now her husband has approached my brother-in-law that I'm dishonest.", 'The last 2 weeks has been traumatic. Due to the undisclosed nature of my termination, it was publicly speculated amongst my former collegues that I committed a crime.', 'So not only was I terminated on lies without the chance to address them. It was thought I had committed a crime and now my family is being approached. All because I did my job too well. How is that fair?', "For the first time in 28 years I am unemployed. Whats the point of being honest when dishonest people crush your world? I'm devastated.
My story of mobbing is actually pretty long.', "The first time I've experienced mobbing was with 16 in highschool. Nobody talked to me, I was excluded and I had to eat all alone. Nobody wanted to be with me. I had to change school because of that.", 'Later I had it at work, nothing was EVER good enough, everyday I was critisized and mobbed. Excluded, nobody talked to me. My work was never good enough. One girl told me straight into my face that she hated me, although we never talked. Another girl told me the same although I never said one bad thing towards her. They talked behind my back, spread rumours about me and just looked at me with this nasty look always.', "Then I had it with a roommate, that insulted me so primitively that I am lacking words for this experience, I had it at another work and another workplace too. Rumours behind my back. Exclusion in front of me. I don't understand what I've done to deserve this. Everywhere I go, people are just super NASTY.
I used to work for a small Italian place as a server. I worked with three other girls, two who liked me at first, and one, I’ll call her Sam, who hated me. She’d tell my manager I was playing with apps instead of working (I have a flip phone, is that even possible?) and that I’m rude to the customers. I’m the nicest girl I know, just a little shy. I have never been rude to anyone.', 'Well, she started spreading lies about me to the other girls. I don’t know what she said, but I knew it was happening because they got cold all of a sudden. Then one Friday night, it was busy as hell and they told me not to take any tables and to just cash people out up front. Which kept me busy.', 'They were putting tables under my name and I found out later while getting scolded. They said I was ignoring the customers, not cleaning tables, and ringing up food wrong. I lost money that night because waitresses get paid through tips in America. I remember saying that every time it would slow down and I went to get a table or two they would yell at me and tell me to go back up front. But the managers didn’t believe me because 3 other girls were saying something different. They blamed it all on me.', 'I come in to work on Monday and Sam, with a big smile on her face, says the manager wants to talk to me. I was told “Get out. Nobody wants to work with you.” And later received a text from one of the others girls “that’s what you get for being a dumb bitch.” Called me aloof, and all this other crap. I’ve had trouble keeping jobs ever since.', 'I’m scared of that happening again. What they did was illegal, they could have stolen money in my name and I would have gotten arrested. Those girls could have put me in prison. I’ll never forget that place as long as I live.
All I can say is that where I work, there are some employees of the company who are impressively negative, angry, and full of what only can be called as obsessive. ', "From what I hear, their goal is to punish me for upsetting their life or something. They sit around complaining and talking about the same things over and over like a broken record. And I know that many of them don't even like doing it. Which makes no sense why do something like that if you don't want to.", "But I have also found that although I don't like being the one who is talked about like this, I am more thankful that I can choose on my own whether I am going to be hateful or not. Or angry. Not someone else making this choice for me or doing it because that is what the group is doing. I can make up my mind about other people and not just do things to fit in or agree with the majority. That I can wake up everyday to a new day and not the repeat that others are in. That I know each day is a gift and new. Not be cycling the same old anger and hate. ", 'So I chose not to hate them. I do feel a great deal of sadness and some anger. Because I am a person who has feelings. But not hate. And definitely not cycling the same old reasons and justifications to be angry at someone.
I got a job working with an old family member (meaning we were once family members but no longer due to divorce).  I'll call her Tonya. I thought we had a decent relationship and even thought we were friends. We worked together and spent breaks together.", "During these times, Tonya would make fun of others in the office and due to her strong personality, I never spoke up against what she was saying about these people. I had become closer to one of these people (let's call her Amy) and even confided in them about issues with my ex (Tonya's family member).", "Turns out, Tonya decided to become best friends with Amy (one of the people she made the most fun of). All of a sudden, I was out of the loop and couldn't even get workplace help any longer. One day in a meeting, I finally disagreed with Tonya. Let me just say that was a bad idea.", 'I felt proud of myself, though even though I knew it meant I would be even lonelier in the workplace. I stupidly spoke with my ex (thinking we were friends) and confided in him about what I had done. I told him that I had felt others in the office were proud of me for standing up for myself, especially my boss. I told him that she was a bully and it was hard to disagree with her.', 'Long story short, the next day, I get a nasty message from Tonya telling me that she was going to talk to our supervisor the next work day and was basically going to ruin me at work. She went on to make me aware that anyone that I had confided in in the office had gone to her and told her my secrets. It was horrific.', 'I don\'t know what to do and really don\'t want to go back into work to be treated like this. I feel like I\'m back in middle school again and have little girls starting stuff for no reason. I think about quitting but then she wins. I don\'t understand people like her, especially when she messaged and told me she "doesn\'t like drama".
I got my job because I was friends with a boss. I ended horrible friendship and she punished me at work for it till I finally quit when it was affecting my health and life so bad I had no choice.', "I reported bosses bad unlawful behavior to management and they treated me like I was the trouble maker. I don't understand how a company can get away with claiming such a false mission statement.", 'I will do everything I can to expose the truth and bring positive changes to the community in which I live as well as others. There are all kinds of agency to help.
I am being victimised and bullied by my line manager and his assistant to the extent it has made me ill.', 'I am on my 2nd attempt to return to my old position but yet again I have been moved out of my job and I work on the railway and had a good reputation until the assistant took a dislike to me, coercing people to tell tales on me regardless if it was true or not, reporting me for just doing my job, telling lies to my line manager, threatening me, and finally, telling my line manager no one likes me.', 'When things finally got too much after I had put up with all that they could throw at me for over 3 years I started  documenting all that had been going on and reported all to my line manager only for him to support his assistant and jump on the band wagon and start telling lies about me too.', 'I had to submit a grievance only for it to cause my manager to move me out of my home station and have keep on going to disciplinary meeting after meeting on things that I have supposed to have done to such an extent it started to affect my home life.', 'I have worked for the company for over 17 years. Am I expected to just walk away or continue to fight for what I think is right and to stand up to bullies even if it costs me my job?
I am a surgical technologist - I have a college degree with a two year surgical technology degree. I worked mostly in eye surgery—worked there eight months. I was bullied and harassed from day one. This person also bullies others—everyone complains verbally to supervisors but they did nothing. It got so bad I witnessed her slamming door on a supervisor—nothing done to her; my supervisor asked me to keep a journal of the bullying; I learned to ask bully what was wrong? She got mad.', 'Continued on—I had good reviews—no negative write ups, all positive; doctors liked my professional work ethics. Then I got called into supervisors office and supervisor says to me “ms bully says you are causing problems, you are fired”.', 'I was told not to speak; and I was escorted out. Coworkers have called me to say sorry; and they are scared who ms bully will lie about and bully and then get them fired too.', 'I don’t know what to do; I tried to call HR but HR didn’t call me back, HR took my message to my supervisor who fired me, supervisor wrote me email that I didn’t need to get HR involved. Bully is still there and bullying along.', 'I don’t know if I can get a reference for a new job or even think about going to file for unemployment.', 'I feel worthless, confused and pretty used by my last employer who didn’t protect me.', 'Any advice would be welcomed.
To start off, I will refer myself to as "T" in these situations. I am a 25 year old female, and I decided to focus my all in getting a bachelors instead of working these jobs. ', 'I was a nursing assistant (CNA) since 2014 at various nursing homes. I was never able to land a job in a hospital but I decided this CNA BS is not the job for me anymore. When I was a CNA, I was always the youngest and shortest CNA there at 5\'2". I got messed with at every nursing home. I would ask for help with lifting and transferring a resident, the other CNAS would say they are busy or disappear. But almost every shift, I was asked for help constantly to the point where I was behind in my own work.', "I was hired in 2016 at this nursing home. This CNA was going around in residents rooms (the more alert ones) talking shit to them and when I came in the room to do my job, the resident would scream at me saying I am a bad worker. I told the charge nurse about it saying the resident is denying my care when it's the first time I seen her. I was trying to feed the residents during dinner time. 3 women ganged up on me, they kept hogging all the residents that need to be fed and was ordering me to pick up the trays instead. The fourth floor which is memory care was flooding and they made me clean it up while they gossiped at the nurses station. I had incidents when I needed help because someone is falling, I would yell for help and no one came. I ended up fired because of it. I haven't been working as a CNA for about a year now. Now the CNA field wasn't the only place I got harassed in.", "I worked as a cashier at Rite Aid, I got bullied. Coworker would nitpick everything I do and make a huge deal about it, gossiping to other coworkers about me. One example, it was slow so I was stocking up the areas near my front register. This girl I worked with said my back was turned, she could have jumped over the counter and stole cigs. She kept talking about it for 10 mins and told the manager about it. Then she spent 20 mins talking about how my voice is flat, it's one toned and it's weird. WHAT THE HELL. She got on my last nerves. I didn't last long there. ", 'Then I was a bar hostess for 2 days, I quit that too. This 27 year old chick kept nitpicking me and stalking everything I do. I was new there, the bar/restaurant just opened so they had 3 girls training up at the bar hostess area. I saw that 27 year old chick sit people down and forgot to give them the menu. I didn\'t say nothing to her. But every time I seated people down in a section, she would walk over to their table looking for mistakes. She came up to my face yelling "You forgot to give the kids the coloring books" in front of everybody. ', 'I recently obtained a job as a temp in a mailing room. I was hired specifically for the weekends only and already I am being hated on. It is so stupid and ignorant, I was there 3 weeks and left. I was fine until I was asked to be trained under this woman "C". If I open my mouth and ask her anything or say anything, she started acting like I did something to her when I just met her. For example, I just made a comment saying isn\'t it funny how this company has lock boxes that people send payments and correspondences to. She started saying out loud "that is what you are hired for, that\'s why you are here, if they didn\'t have lock boxes they wouldn\'t even need you here". She said it in a rude tone. I made a very angry face at her and didn\'t respond. Through out the day, her and her best friend coworker kept looking for mistakes that I did so they can yell about it out loud. ', "When I worked with another woman that is scanning my batch of files, that woman did not say anything to me for 12 hours, she didn't complain about anything with me, meaning that I really did a good job. But when I worked with the two women, they kept complaining about me non-stop. The woman C kept asking me weird rude questions like she is clearly making up things about me. She was sitting there asking me if I smoke weed, do drugs and pop pills. She was asking me what else do I do when I am off work .", 'I asked her does this company allow someone to work doubles. When I was a CNA, they use the term Double for working a 16 hour shift. The woman never heard the term Double before and started busting out laughing loud as hell saying what is a double to her best friend. I was so annoyed I was at my limit and it was only 2 days working with them. If I say anything to them, they either bust out laughing at me or act like I did something. I never showed up the following week. I am calling the staffing agency to quit this Friday.
So, I work with almost all females and I had been told by a so-called friend/co-worker that no one likes me in the department. If she is telling me this about them what is she tell them about me?', "Things seem to be getting worse instead of better. I come home crying all the time and I not sure what to do anymore. I am not sure how to make things right. I don't even know what I am doing wrong.", 'They do leave me out of all the decision making. Yes, that makes me upset because why was I not included in them as well? I am not very good with my words or explaining things at all and I am not very good at standing up for myself.', "The other day my coworker/so-called friend comes up to me and says I wasn't trying to be a B.I.T.C.H. and I said you kind of were. Mind you I don't say words like that I have a hard enough time spelling them out. I just kind of agreed with her. So, I said why do we agree to disagree and she said seriously. Yea, thinking that it was no big deal. Next thing I know she is storming off and she is crying and she is going around telling everyone that I called her a B.I.T.C.H.", "So, I started crying no I didn't I can't even say words like that: So, I called my dad and told him what happen and he started laughing and he said so technically she called herself a B.I.T.C.H. and yes I agreed and then she played the victim to make me look bad.", 'That is just one of the things she has done. She has done other things to other people on another team. Those other people said they would go to HR with me. What should I do?
To give a background to the situation, both myself and the bully are the same age.', 'When I started my job, I was chatting with the bully and she was expressing her love for chicken carbonara, I said my mum makes her own spaghetti having grown up in Sicily. She then proceeded to write a letter to my mum saying she will pay my mum $20 to cook chicken carbonara. My mum did cook it and I brought it to work, believing it would help to build my workplace relationship with this person, she refused the food. In hindsight, I can see that the act of writing the letter to my mum was strange behaviour and that it was an indicator for what was to come.', 'Since then, I have been threatened by her, had nonstop sexualised comments about my "see through tops" and my "bra strap showing" on days with 35 degree celsius heat. Comments about my weight and eating habits, with her telling me to "eat up." I have also had this person tell me (not ask) to complete her shift with a particular client while she went home repeatedly for 4 weeks. When I asked my boss about this, they said they had no idea about it. ', 'I told one staff that I was in a relationship and since then, the bully has been yelling "when are you getting married?" "Can I be a bridesmaid?" "Have you had sex yet?" "Use protection!" ', 'I have written and reported all of these incidents. With my HR representative only changing the days I work, in order to avoid her. However, the bullying has spilled across to other workers and they are now confronting me about rumours she has spread about me.', 'In the last five weeks, I have not been sleeping longer than 3-4 hours at a time. I am constantly in a heightened state, with nervousness, shaking and nausea. I have only worked a total of 12 hours during this time, with continuous sick days and being driven home sick by my boss halfway through a shift. I dread going to work and want to cry every second I am there. The lack of sleep and stress is affecting my health, as it triggers relapses and loss of cognitive function with my multiple sclerosis. ', 'I love my job but hate putting up with this from my coworkers. I don’t know what else to do. Do I stay with this company or move elsewhere? Please help!
Dear Out There, I am at the end of my rope. I am employed by a man who has humiliated me and degraded me in front of co workers to the point that I have become as isolated as if my desk had an invisible wall around it.', 'One person in my company did dare to text me that I am his scapegoat and I am in my own ghetto but nobody in the company will defend or stand up for me. They are all cowards.', "The problem began when I started to work for him I felt very unworthy and felt I deserved his treatment but over the last few years something has happened to me to make me realize that I don't deserve his abuse and my behavior shows that I don't deserve his abuse.", 'My background has a lot of physical and verbal abuse in it so when I started to work for this man it was very familiar. There are no other jobs for someone my age. I have worked for him for many years. His abuse changed over the years, but in the last few months he has threatened to fire me which he never did before.', 'I am anxious and depressed. He does not let me go home every night until he has a nightly degrading session or what he calls "meeting" every night so I get home at ungodly hours so I never get enough rest.', 'I am starting to get sick more often from not taking care of myself. I am afraid I will get really sick because of all this and I have nobody to rely on. I have no family and no friends. All my friends abandoned me as they said I did not have the courage to leave this job. I told them if they are so bold then find me a job instead of accusing me of cowardice. I have no support network.', 'This is a private firm so there is no human resource department. He is the king of his kingdom. He is also Persian and not Americanized and he has surrounded himself with women who behave like whores. I, quite the opposite, do not act sexual in anyway. That makes his harassment even worse. He tries to bring up sexual conversations and I decline to participate. I work in a Middle Eastern nightmare and not an American company.', "I feel hopeless. So I will send this out into the universe. I don't expect there is any solution or way out for me and I cant afford to quit. I don't know what I am looking for from sending this but I never put it down on paper so this time I did.
Hello, I have heard quite a bit of horror stories that were caused by the Post Office. I have my own incredible story to tell. I would like to start a class action lawsuit against the post office.', 'Please reply back if that is something you would like to do because with enough people backing us we can at least call attention to our suffering and hopefully send a few monsters to jail.', 'This is the perfect time to get our stories out there because politicians are catching hell.
Everyone from the Manager to her subordinates leave me out of the social life at the office. The rest of the staff all order pizza and food and they have food parties in the break room and I am the only staff person who is not told about it.', 'While I am out on the floor working by myself, they are all in the back eating pizza and laughing and joking with one another. It really feels terrible to be intentionally left out all the time.', 'This happened at another store I worked for too. The only reason I found out that they had all ordered pizza on the boss was because I was at the register when the pizza delivery guy delivered the pizza and he stated the bosses name as having ordered it.
I worked  in a very popular grocery store chain warehouse, for 5 years I worked day shift and had friends and good coworkers (about 30 employees).', 'I’m in my 40s so the physical job was getting to be too much so I switched to the receiving job at night with about 10 employees. I loved my job. I would go in at 3 am happy and smiling.', 'Just a couple months into it the picking started from a couple of the women. It wasn\'t unbearable because I did have a couple "friends" on the shift. After about a year my very good friend couldn\'t deal with the harassment so she went back to days. It got much worse after that.', 'They would follow me around and wait for me to make mistakes then "tattle" on me. It was just little things but when it\'s constant it wears on you. I went to my supervisor several times and he\'d say you\'re better then them don\'t let them bother you. Then they all turned on me we would sit together at break time and one day they all sat somewhere else.', 'I went to my bosses supervisor she said the same thing. Then told me I have to break down the wall and go sit with them. I went to her a few times with no help from her so I researched workplace bullying and presented to the president of the division. He did nothing either.', "In the meantime my health was affected I was diagnosed with high blood pressure and anxiety and put on meds. Then one day I didn't get to something because I was busy. One woman ran to the boss an told on me so I fixed it and wrote a note that said, “thank you sorry for the mix up.” She ran back and told him he said if you want respect from them you need to give it. At that point I just lost it I had a mental breakdown and swallowed a full bottle of Xanax in front of the two supervisors I walked out to my car.", 'I called back into the warehouse and asked for my friend. Her boss sent her out but my boss stopped her and told her, "She made her choice. You\'re not going out there." She got past him anyway.', "I've heard from people with police scanners they heard the call. It said don’t send an ambulance 'til the police get there. I live in a very small town and the ambulance is 5 min. away. We have no local police.", 'I spent 5 days in the mental hospital. When I called from the hospital to tell my bosses boss I could come back she said I couldn’t come back because during my breakdown I told my boss my husband was going to kick his ass for not protecting me from the harassment.', 'It’s been a long recovery 4 1/2 years but I’m finally doing much better. I am married with 4 wonderful children and it affected all of us terribly.
I am working for a well reputed organization. My supervisor is a bully. She use verbal abuse, insulting comments and body language to put me down all the time.', 'I have spoken to her boss and she has dealt with it as a conflict resolution case instead of a bullying and workplace harassment case.', 'Her boss loves her and can not afford to lose her because she gets the work done through her bullying.', "My work is widely appreciated in the organization. Everyone respects me except my supervisor. I have written to HR but my boss's boss intervened and settled the issue.", 'I feel I am in claws; I suffer everyday. I have lost interest in anything. My health is suffering, I have panic attacks and breakdowns. I even had a suicidal thought a couple of weeks ago. She has gotten on my nerves.
I can't believe I am posting something so personal as I am a very private person, but this is so upsetting to me I don't think I can discuss this verbally with anyone. On September 1st this year this 55year old short like 5ft2 skinny freckled face creepy green eyes thin lips red haired masculine woman started working at my workplace. ", "She started touching me on her third day. She said that she likes to caress satin fabric and that silk and satin is so smooth to the touch when rubbing. She said that she just can't resist touching and stroking satin fabric. She always touches me, hugs me, holds my hand, places her arm around my waist. She gives me random hugs all the time pressing her face on my breasts. This woman is constantly rubbing my back, touching my hair.", "I wouldn't be as grossed out if she did it to everybody else but she's always doing it to me! I wouldn't say I'm that close to her and she's hard to avoid since her office is next to mine. She puts her arms around me when we're standing side-by-side and talking and she randomly comes by at my office and gives me shoulder and back massages. But all the touching has been getting creepy. She is extremely touchy and feely with me. Now she knows I am heterosexual woman but that doesn't seem to deter her from rubbing on my back or arms, pressing herself into me and generally being borderline innapropriate at times.", 'She seems harmless to me because I am physically stronger than her I am 5ft10 tall well built well endowed and curvy. She is like 5ft2 tall skinny. I am always on high heels she is always in flat shoes. Standing next to me she looks like a midget. I am 5ft10 foot tall and being well endowed well built and curvy always on high heels makes me HUGE!', 'The other day I was in a mall with my daughter and this little boy pointed at me and said something like: "Gosh mom, look at her, she is giant!!!". I am a 42year old 5ft10 tall heterosexual curvy hourglass shaped attractive brunette. I like dressing well, and looking presentable. I don\'t dress slutty at all. My boobs are 32 f bra size though and I do have a big butt. My hourglass shape is unique and I am tall, and I appreciate that. If you are curvy, tall and busty, many clothes tend to look sexier on you than on a thin person. So things that fit properly that are relatively conservative can be suddenly too revealing and sexy when you put it on. This happens to me a lot.', 'I wear almost always my satin and silk blouses fully buttoned to the top combined with a satin skirt or satin pants. I prefer wearing satin pants and a little shorter satin skirts, always above knees, sometimes even quite much, but not any miniskirts anyway. I am always on high heels and full make up on. I am always in tight form fitting satin and silk clothes. I am a stylish person. I usually stay away from anything too revealing.', "I am describing myself because I want you to know the complexity of the situation. I have no desire to do anything sexual with a women. I am 100% straight. Even the thought of eating out a vagina makes me gag. I've never had any desire to do anything sexual with a female. In all honesty just thinking about possibly kissing a female makes me cringe.", 'She finds any excuse to touch me. The other day she hugged me from behind when I was sitting down and stroked my collar bones before moving to my shoulders. She leans over me when I show her something on the computer screen. She is not very aware of personal space, she tends to stand very close and walk so close that she can trip me, she also always puts her face very close to my breasts. She always links arms with me and walks leaning into me.', "She isn't a horrible woman she is really very pleasant but something about her and her need to hug or touch me makes me very uncomfortable. This woman is being unnecessarily touchy-feely. She is always constantly patting my lower back and touching my hair. She tends to stand really close – it’s like she doesn’t seem to respect my personal space.", "It is getting very uncomfortable. How do I tell her off without causing tension at work? The other day she needed to ask me a question. My client and I were so engrossed on our project that neither of us noticed her walk in. She put her both hands around my waist to get my attention. Then she kept her hands there until I finished my answer to her. I felt awkward about it, but didn't want to say or do anything in front of the client. A half-hour later I felt it was too weird to bring it up, so I just let it go.", "She would touch me a lot on my hands, shoulders and back when discussing work-related topics. One time at her office we were working on something. I started to rise from the chair while she was still sitting, and she then reached over and squeezed my butt about four or five times quickly. I pulled away, but it took me by such surprise I didn't know what to do, and I actually laughed, even though that was the last thing I felt like doing.", 'Also she is constantly \'accidentally\' brushing her face against my breasts while walking by me or when we are engaged in a task. I don\'t want to offend her. Even though I\'m the permanent employee she does have a little "power" over me. She can muck things up for my clients and I, walk away scott-free, and make me clean-up the "mess." I don\'t know her very well (she\'s not my direct employee) and don\'t want to push any sensitive buttons.', "She gets along with other female employees like the bookkeeper, sales managers, and owner (it is all female workplace). She could say that I created a hostile environment and doesn't feel like coming into work. There will be a big HR interview (involving the main office) and an investigation. Then the women will still look at me like I'm the one with the problem! I've seen it happen before. I've got to be careful and handle this gracefully.", "Also she doesn't look threatening. She is creepy and ugly but she is tiny, short and skinny mature woman. Standing next to me she looks like a midget. She is always hugging me around my waist. Sometimes several hugs in a row. She also always places her hand on my hip at the side when I stand beside her.
I was bullied at work. I worked as a commercial real estate agent. I made a bulling claim. For two years the directors of the company verbally abused and harassed me. The claim was accepted.', 'I have been diagnosed with PTSD, anxiety, and depression.', 'I did not disclose that I had been diagnosed with bipolar a year ago but I did tell my boss that I had depression and it was under control. That was all good.', 'For the next year they were great with me. I always made my target but I could see that they bullied many of the other employees.', 'Could not disclose the bipolar as it would affect my claim.
I've been working in a grocery store as a deli clerk for a year now. My boss schedules all of us for her own needs, not the busy store needs. She also favors a new employee by giving him easy assignments and not working the line, even at its busiest.", 'Not only that, today, while another girl and I were helping customers, with seven more just waiting for service, you could clearly hear them joking and laughing with each other. This just flew me upside down.', "He also take his breaks ten minutes longer than most employees. He doesn't even have the longest time put in, what he does do is feed into her need for attention, she is a attention hog. Is this favoritism?
This bitch was so horrible I just quit working there.', "I'm a massage therapist, I got hired on the spot at a very nice spa.", "When I first started working there it was ok, she was a little cold to me but I didn't think anything of it. Sometimes we even chatted about movies and such and one day out of weird circumstances had drinks after a work shift.", 'As time went on, she started crossing boundaries like loudly saying embarrassing aspects about myself to other co-workers and sometimes even in front of clients.', "One day I was told I had to use the massage room she is usually in because my room was temporarily being used. She left post it notes EVERYWHERE saying don't touch this, I want this room exactly how I left it. This is MY room etc. I was careful not to touch a thing, when she got back the next day she went ballistic because something was unplugged. Instead of just plugging it in herself, she went on a rampage on how sloppy I am and what a horrible co-worker I am.", 'Many horrible scenarios happened with her happened but it would take 4 pages to talk about it.', 'Finally the straw that broke the camels back was, she was not only dispensing medical advice to MY clients but also telling them how she could do the massage better.', 'When I hesitantly asked her to leave my clients alone she said "pick your battle bubs."', 'Enough is enough, the next day I gave my two weeks notice.
Know your own GO(O)D self that is in you, and 'know the game' now played in business environments. Don't say...naaaah it's not that way... it is. The rules go like this:", "1. In today's workplace offices of small or mid-size (maybe some larger corporate, though I suspect large and corporate are different) In small or mid-size -- owner  sets no 'boundaries' of acceptable behavior (business standards and protocol) The small to mid size business 'has no time to figure those things out and is relying on the 'adult' they hire to handle others all themselves. REMEMBER ... there will NOT be found in small any boundaries  that workers need to adhere to for interaction. (not officially, that would be too easy and make for work to the business managerial... small and mid size are only looking to churn out a product or service and make their money) ", '2. If you are NEW ... the possibility exists you will be \'tested\' by at least one ... to see what you are about.  "will you sharpen my pencils for me?"  "Will you find some files for me?" (you don\'t report directly to this person and you know that and this is not your \'job\') "Would you fax for me... I\'m really SWAMPED."  It all happens so \'fast\' ... you are from the \'old school\' where worker to worker cooperation was \'a given\' ... no big deal... if you could assist you just \'did it\' / NOT IN TODAY\'S WORLD. Anything you take to do \'to help\' and \'be friendly\' is seen as OVERSTEPPING your boundaries ...in a world that sets no \'boundaries\' (confusing isn\'t it? To confuse is the aim of a \'no rules\' but \'rules\' liberal society) This is THE GAME...of \'office\'', "3. Anything done without it being a 'direct order' from the one you report to...will NOT be taken in by 'boss' as simply being cooperative and helpful but trying to 'take the place of the boss' (supervisor, manager, whomever you report to) There's a semi logic to this business thinking that they can't explain. Since today's authority does  not have the 'disciplined nature' of good order with rules...they are a bit insecure and that insecurity comes out when another is being 'a help' ... they can't have  people 'just helping' ...it can get 'out of hand' and 'boss' loses his or her (usually a her) control in a no boundaries working environment. *Confused again...not matter keep reading 'the office game' ", "4. When new, know there is a boss you are 'under' and NO MATTER that someone other than 'your boss' you report to ...asks the SIMPLEST favor (close a window, sharpen a pencil, find a file for them) *if they ask you to close a file drawer...that they forgot to do...ok, you can quickly close it...(let common sense prevail as well as 'the rule' of SAFETY FIRST)  But in matters pertaining to 'the co worker's work and your work' ... BEWARE when another worker asks 'of you' ... You're NICE you want to 'get along' ... be seen that way (especially when new) AND THERE ARE PERSONS WHO WILL take advantage of you for that newness and 'easy target' they see on your front or back personhood.   ... if your co-worker is so 'busy' 'swamped' ... he can't find a file him or herself, or fax something him or herself... he or she should 'courtesy and respect' wise to 'the general boss' of the department ... tell 'department head' they are 'really busy' and can YOU (stating your name) can Joe, Nancy, Sue, Liz... assist you with filing or faxing and it should be done 'in front of you' ...This little thing both shows THE BOSS respect TO YOU who is new, and SHOWS THE BOSS that THIS OLD WORKER of the firm RESPECTS 'you who are new' ... which actually PUTS THIS ONE in good stead with BOSS... that THEY are friendly and cooperative. Don't ask for this one to boas and don't just do it ... because you have no work to do... this would be to 'take matters to yourself' ... This can be 'tricky' because what is asked is often so simple on the surface and would take 'a minute' ... but in business, like the army, nothing is simple ... you are being watched for knowing the way of proper business 'POLITeness... i.e.: BUSINESS POLITICS. EVERY LITTLE ACTION IS WATCHED ... even if you think you are just being 'nice.'  There is no such word as 'NICE' in the business world. *it all comes down to 'power and control and money' ... and all in an office are watching that you don't look 'better' than they... it's the UNWRITTEN RULE OF THE 'OFFICE POLITe game' ... THE OFFICE POLITICS GAME... and it must be remembered always or you go down the chute ... downsized, terminated for some false reason, for they do need a reason of some sort. it is 'the rule' they follow by that outside third party that rules their private business. ", 'NOTHING is \'just done\' because of \'niceness\' ... EVERYTHING is watched for EXACT polite ways... much like being in \'the army\' ... YES ...NO... (you can perhaps skip the Sir or Ma\'m ... but THAT\'S ANOTHER thing... do not assume how you are to address a supervisor or co-worker... if they want to be \'cute\' and come to your desk to say "HI MISSY"... do not react to such blatant rudeness... with smile say a cheerful Hi, how are you... please no need for formality, all my friends call me Liz, and I certainly hope you are my friend. Then ask them (they don\'t know how to communicate this without help) Say...by the way, what would you like to be called Mr Smith? or \'Joe?" "Sue?"  What is your preference for being greeted? Always \'set the example\' of graciousness even if \'it is not shown\' TO you This is to be a SPIRITED person, who puts OTHERs needs first...and forgets \'self\' / You graciously \'tell this other off\' WITH A SMILE of SPIRITED MANNERS... and they will \'never lay a glove\' on you...(you\'ll never be hurt or labeled "offensive" to them)', "It can be tricky... it is THE OFFICE POLITICS GAME and you are not going to be told 'the rules of the game' outright... you are being tested for at least three months on lots  of things... 'official duties you do' 'how fast you do them' and how well you know 'the order of things' in a business world that has not set boundaries or order officially ... because 'they can't'  to set a business standard officially is deemed 'discriminatory' (I know, more confusion..but that's how it is in a no rules ..liberal society) Liberal minds 'want respect and affirmation' TO themselves but YOU must be the one who shows them 'how to be' (they are know nots in terms of good spiritedness' ... aka GODLINESS. ", "Some of this might 'sound' like sarcasm... not really. Maybe slightly exaggerated hyperbole... i.e.: not to be taken completely literally but exaggerated for purpose of sharing 'what is the office politics game' that NOW is.  Beware of how you move, breathe, and have being and if a worker ... union or non union and 'new' remember you are 'NOTHING' to them. Always. NOTHING.  But...knowing your worth TO THE GOD who is raising you up each day...you matter and you are special and that is the only one you need to be concerned with. Do what these 'know nots' want, live your good life outside of the office, show 'them' by example who leads you and with spirit of forgiveness to their disrespect subtle or blatant, utter no such word 'offensive' TO them but pray for them that the ONE MUTUAL GOD who loves all will bring them also to a good life, possessing that Spirit of other centeredness that brings them peace and blessings also (as you have)", "This is to 'pick up the cross' ... and work and live in a 'broken' liberal (childish) world. ", "I hope the site master see's this fitting to help many... because coming to this has greatly enlightened my 'simple naive NICE mind'
I work in an almost all male company. Advancement is based on seniority. I bid on a posting that only has males. No female on any of the crews is a loader operator.', 'The day my win was posted behind the glass that I was the successful candidate coincidentally coincided with my name in another envelope. The "random" drug and alcohol testing. I went from being excited about the posting and had been operating the loader the day before and ran an integral part of the mine alone with little training or direction. I was told I did well.', 'The night it was officially posted was our first night shift. I hoped to get familiar with surroundings in the first 2 hrs with remaining daylight but was instead singled out for drug testing and was blindsided. I felt intimidated. I felt my chances of success were being sabotaged and that I was being sent a message of future targeting.', 'After I passed the random test I opted to go on familiar equipment which was my original post. Haul truck. I am unable to sleep now thinking about the harassment and do not want this to be my life.', "They want a male on the loader so I will step down tonight as I have no desire to fight an uphill battle and lose. I'd rather lose now and keep my health. I was a very good loader operator for a day. Praise to the people who can fight workplace intimidation and harassment.
You can predict bullies in most cases only if you don't report them to HR or management. As soon as you tell HR, the bullies will start changing their tactics.", 'In bullying, no one is on your side except for you - the target, so help yourself and make sure to record everything.', 'and as much as possible. Record via e-mail, record audio, video and never worry about the stinking LAW because the LAW is not on your side.', 'In my opinion, LAW is the only word in dictionary that makes me puke by just by saying it.', 'Here is how I done it;', '#1 - I spoke to my VP/General Manager about updates on projects etc...', 'See image "Gmail2"', 'After writing the e-mail, in less than two hours, I received ethic and compliance training.', 'See Image "SAmail2"', 'According to HR - It is just coincidence.', '#2 - A custodian was following me and spying on me for doing my job.', 'See image "gmail"', 'Two days later, company wide email was sent to everyone for regarding security procedure.', "Unfortunately, we live in a country that slavery was the core of our economy and still is but in a very modern way which doesn't discriminate anyone.", 'Bullies are afraid of exposure and you want to make sure to expose them.', 'I did and felt good about it. Never regret it. I know I was going to lose my job one of those day but why not with some exposures on the bullies and the HR.']
I am so sorry for what everyone else has had to deal with in the stories I have read.  I am a sensitive person so many times I am so saddened by how brutal our world is today.  I too am dealing with bullying at my work place which has now turned into mobbing.  I have been there almost 20 years, loyal to the company, hard working, and told by my boss in the past to be considered family.  However four years ago my mentor/co-worker retired and shortly after another co worker quit due to being bullied by the new replacement for my mentor who retired.  ', "My boss admitted to seeing the bullying and was told by myself and two workers who left that it was taking place.  However now he just sees it as something to work through b/c the person hired is very knowledgeable, in fact my boss was intimidated by the new hire and treated badly by this person and in my office rattled by it many times but after having it out with the bully they now get along fine.  It's a very small office and two other newer hired employees get along with the bully b/c they are her subordinates (her words not mine) and the bully treats them kindly and now has turned them against me) so now I am the target and especially b/c I stuck up for my boss when it was happening to him and my co-workers who were leaving. ", 'I was promised a promotion but now my boss is making excuses as to why I won\'t be getting the promotion and the three other people working in the office tell my boss that I am just"insecure"... I worked so hard for this company for years and felt secure in my job but now I hate going to work and feel betrayed by my boss!!  I feel like I am crazy because my boss now tells me after months of agreeing with me that I am just sensitive and insecure!! (even though he too experienced the same thing but because they now get along and he feels like she is needed for the company he is in denial)', "Any suggestions?  I hate to leave my clients after I have been there for almost 20 years and I can handle not being liked and being left out by the other three co workers (I just stick to myself and do my job) BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DEAL WITH THE HUMILIATION AND BETRAYAL I FEEL FROM MY BOSS WHOM I WORKED MY A** OFF FOR... ALWAYS GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND FOR IN THE PAST???  AND ON ONE OCCASION WHEN I TRIED TO CONFRONT HIM HE STARTED YELLING AT ME AND THREW A GLASS ACROSS THE ROOM WHICH SHATTERED AGAINST THE WALL IN ANGER BECAUSE HE DOESN'T WANT TO ADDRESS THE FACT THAT HE GAVE IN TO THE BULLY AND THAT I WAS SLIGHTED BECAUSE OF IT WITH MY PROMOTION BEING TAKEN AWAY SO THE BULLY DOESN'T GET UPSET!! ", "Can anyone tell me what to do?  And has anyone left a situation like this and found happiness somewhere else with no regret?  The other issue is that leaving means I have to take a substantial pay cut but I've decided that even if I have to file bankruptcy to get away from this environment due to making less money it would be worth my sanity... PLEASE HELP!"]
So this might be a little long however I need some advice to know that I am not overreacting. I started at a company a while ago and what I loved most was that they gave me flexibility with my kid. Having specific days off when my kid is not in childcare and being able to go if my kid needs to be picked up from childcare due to being sick.', "Everyone there is so nice and the policy is to be nice to each other and treat each other with respect. However my boss does not seem to like me. I am a Manager and even if I have a kid I do work long hours and do everything that's needed. I have a young team and being a woman I needed to earn their respect in the beginning.", "I worked with another male manager and we got along amazingly but he got transferred to another department and that's when everything went downhill. I started to work double shifts every weekend because there was no replacement for him yet. I never said a word but at one stage turned to my former colleague asking him if he knows when we find someone that I can't keep doing these hours.", "My boss pulled me up on this saying that I shouldn't bother that other guy that he has enough on his plate and is not responsible for me. That he is my boss as he is his boss and also that I should be careful what to write because sometimes it is stupid (totally unrelated to the topic). I  was shocked but just took it and apologised.", "My boss is a very moody person. I address issues regarding the team to him and there were plenty especially with the young boys who seemed to have an issue to respect a female manager. He always said he is dealing with it but no one was really put in to place. He made changes without telling me, left me out and when my staff was asking me I had to say that I don't know about that which didn't help with the respect.", 'I kept on addressing issues and all I did get was that all I do is point fingers and just complain. Maybe it is myself who needs to change. That I am basically being lazy. That everyone on the team has a problem with me (which is not true I asked them all one by one and he never once approached them) one day again he made changes for the team without telling me and the other new manager (who he by the way likes, making jokes with each other and all I get is mean looks) and I got frustrated and said something.', 'Also he wanted to have one on ones with everyone from the team and I was asking if he wants to consult with me and the other manager to know how everyone is performing but he declined.', "He had a chat with me afterwards saying who I think I am. I don't need to explain myself to anyone, I am the boss. Do you really think I don't know when you talk behind my back about me. You wanted change I made change I don't need to consult you first or explain it, I am the boss You got to know with everyone else at briefing. I will do the one on one's with just them. Why would I sit down with you first to go through everyone's development. I hired them I know how they are performing. You haven't changed a bit from day one. Are stuck to your host desk. The girls have a problem with you as well, I know because I spoke to them. All you do is point fingers, how about you step back and take a look at yourself. The boys changed because I nurtured them. I do work with people and get to know them, work on their mistakes. You don't do anything. I should help clean everything and then do cash up. ", 'I was in tears while he spoke to me like this. Crying in front of him. He makes me so small and my whole confidence is lost as soon as he enters the room. The other day I made a wrong decision and instead of guiding me he just looked at me and said: you never listen. What did you think hey? Today I had to pick up my kid from childcare because it got sick which happened for the first time. I told him and all I got was a: do what you have to do but I have to let you know that I am not happy about this.', "I left and cried in the car. I don't know what to do anymore. He is so nice to everyone else but me. It's how he is speaking to me. It's unreasonable and in a very mean tone of voice. He does it in front of people but with a smile that everyone else thinks he is being nice. I don't know what to do...
I am a grandma really working at this grocery store in a courtesy clerk situation for a number of years; almost 19 years. Lately the new managers are getting younger and more and more bullying types.', 'They tend to give me the toughest schedule(s) and also let me do the carts when it is the hottest time of the day. Yesterday I had a privilege (or an incident) where after doing the grocery carts for an hour in 105 degrees, I just came to store to take a break and go to bathroom, my manager(s) instead bullyingly tells me to go out again in getting the carts when these two managers are just chit chatting and laughing at me. I said no I am going to take a 5 minute break.', 'At this point the younger manager comes very close to me and said that If you cannot do it right now, you should go home and quit this job, I was insulted and punched out and left the store right away. These both guys started laughing and I was humiliated in front of my customers and my co-workers.', 'I know that now workplace has become very much strange but I work because I love my job and my other co-workers told me to let it go. I need help please guide me with your thoughts.
I had been with the same company for the past 14 years. The pay was never great, but years ago it was a fun place to work. The staff all treated each other as though we were family and I enjoyed being there. At the same time, my bills were also lower, so perhaps that made it easier to handle working for lower pay. The business I worked for is family owned, and at one time there was actually a waiting list for people who wanted to work there. The original owner retired and his son-in-law took over. It wasn't the same at first, but still overall was a good place to work. ", 'About four years ago they hired a new manager (one who was forced to resign from his previous job) and he immediately began recruiting others from his former employer. Very quickly, things began to go downhill. We all found ourselves facing an increasing work load. Our annual bonus money began to diminish, our medical insurance kept going up, and the company stopped contributing to our 401k. No money for them to do this, yet somehow there was always money for managers to drive company cars worth $60,000, have their car insurance paid, medical insurance paid, cell phone paid, etc. My own work load had nearly doubled in the space of three years. At the same time, I received no pay raises as compensation, no cost of living allowance, and not even so much as a thank-you for taking on additional responsibilities. ', 'During the past three years I felt as though I was drowning in the work load. First, I had to reduce my 401k contributions to save money. Next, I had to drop my disability insurance. Then dental insurance, and finally, I had to switch to a medical plan with a deductible that was twice the amount of my current one. Soon, I had nowhere left in which I could cut back. ', "My work load was as such that I could not be away for more than three days without coming back to a mountain of stuff on my desk. I had no assistance, no backup, and nobody to fill in while I was away. It had been three years since I was able to take a full week vacation. Yet when I came back from being away, I was under constant pressure to get everything done. If it's that important, why was this not taken care of when I was away. ", 'I felt increasingly depressed and irritable. I was no longer eating healthy, no longer going to the gym, no longer going surfing, and was losing interest in other activities that I once enjoyed. My family noticed how I had changed and was concerned. I was at a point in life where I had never felt so overworked and unappreciated, and was even beginning to question if it was worth it for me to continue living. Indeed, I felt as though the light at the end of the tunnel was gone. One can survive hardship in life, but when you believe it will only get worse, that is indeed a terrible feeling. ', "Then one week I got sick. I don't know if I had the flu, but it sure felt like it. I was sick for four days. I had high fever, wasn't eating, and by the fourth day I felt completely exhausted from being sick. When I came back to work there was yet another mountain on my desk. The same manager that brought all this about then came into my office to drop off another stack of work, and did not even bother to ask me if I was feeling better. ", "A week later I went to my psychiatrist. I was already on anti-depressants at this point. I spoke to her at length about all this, and she believed that the toxic atmosphere was damaging me mentally in a major way. It was at that point that I realized I needed to leave. It finally occurred to me, if I don't leave now, then when? Will it be when I have an anxiety attack? Will it be when I have a nervous breakdown? Will it be when I have a heart attack (as one of my coworkers went through which was brought on by stress) I knew that I was not going to sit back and wait on this place to destroy me. ", 'A coworker of mine resigned the day after. He had been there 11 years, and was one of their best people, yet they did not even try to talk him into staying. Forget offering him additional pay, they did not even try to talk to him about staying. Indeed, the owner of the company never said one word to him. He never said one word to me either. It was not until I came to him on my last day to say goodbye that he expressed any sort of appreciation and wished me the best. ', "I am now free from them, and am working for myself with two ride share companies. The pay is better, it's low stress and I can set my own schedule. For the first time in three years I feel optimistic about my own future. Within a week of quitting, friends told me that I looked so much happier. I'm sleeping better, I feel my energy levels coming back, and I'm now going to the gym and surfing again. I'm eating healthy, and I'm even off the anti-depressants. It wasn't until I left there and was away for two weeks that I began to realize just how damaging the environment there really was. I have taken back control of my life and have no regrets. ", "For those of you reading this, and in similar circumstances, please know this: Opportunities are out there. No matter how bleak your current situation may seem, your toxic boss will only win if you stay out of fear, because it is under these circumstances in which they have broken you mentally. That is the only way they win. If you're in a toxic work atmosphere...leave. It is really that simple. No job is worth your physical and mental health, and there are always other opportunities out there."]
So I went to college for 4 years studying hospitality. At age 22 I graduated and was ready to step into adult hood. After I left my first job of 8 months I found a new job at a local University doing Banquets and Catering. I worked in Banquets before and always had a blast doing it so I hoped this job would be a blast as well. I was dead wrong. I was pre warned by the Banquet Manager that this was their busy season so it may be more than 8 hrs a day somedays. Well that was an understatement because we worked 13+ hours daily. On my first day we worked 12 hours. There were 4 Banquet Supervisors: "K", "J", "C",and "A". All of them were older than me by 20 or more years.Besides me, there were many other banquet servers who also were students from the school working part time.  I knew I had to get use to a new environment but, I didn\'t think I was bad at my banquet skills.', 'On my first day, I overheard "K" say "didnt she go to school for this?!". The University I was working at did not have Hospitality courses so it was obvious who she was talking about. I brushed the comment off thinking she was under pressure and things slip out when your under pressure. Well I was about to find out how wrong I was.', '"K" was the top supervisor in the banquets department. She had a daughter who was a student at the university that seldomly helped out serving at banquets who "K" thought could do no wrong. Not to mention if you missed pronounced her name, "K" would call you every name in the book. She harassed and bullied people on a daily basis anyways, esp. me. She called me stupid, useless, good for nothing at least 4x a day. She called "C" and another banquet server fat often. She NEVER wanted to help me out, she would only LOVE to see me do something wrong (when she knew I was unsure of how to do something properly) so she can have the excuse to yell at me And call me stupid. Her and the other banquet supervisors use to ditch me to go elsewhere and do work or eat while I\'d sit in the hallway or look for work to do all by myself, looking like a lonely loser. On days "K" wasn\'t there life was so much smoother "A" and "C" would talk to me a bit and they\'d actually help me. When "K" was there, it was like going to therapy with Satan as your therapist. She told me that "I should switch into the dish washing room because it doesn\'t require thinking to wash dishes". I had it with her and spoke to the manager. The manager had mixed feelings about what I told him. He sort of believed me but he thought I was exaggerating. He told me he "spoke" to her but things DID NOT change. "K" continued to harass me, insult me, and keep people distanced from me. Keep in mind I\'m 23 at this time and "K" is in her 50\'s.  It just seemed so weird to have someone my mom\' sage bullying me. As we were putting tables away I was helping other servers fold up the tables and she says I in front of everyone "oh look at you trying to think when you are stupid." I went to the manager after that and this time he got mad at me. I realized that the manager was afraid and he probably had never stood up to the Supervisor before... yeah the MANAGER!!!', 'Talking to the other servers they too have had encounters with "K" being insulted (some servers not all)and went to HR. "A" informed me that they\'re always losing people because of her. At this point I had enough, along with being constantly belittled, long 13+ hours a day with a schedule that was NEVER out on time and only 1 day off a week... I found another job after 3 months. Besides "K" the thing I hated the most was that id work 830am-130am and have to be back in at 630am till 12am. I did 40 hrs in 2.5 days.
I am a Research Associate at a small company in Maryland. It's a Contract Research Organization in the biologics field. Unfortunately for me, I'm not a citizen of America. This makes it very, very difficult for me to switch jobs because the minute companies see that I need visa support they refuse to hire me. I have an engineering degree in biotech, then an MS from Johns Hopkins and now an MBA. I am overly qualified for my position but I liked the position very much and when I started I didn't have an MBA. I have a really horrible coworker who makes my life at work next to impossible and I am at a loss of how to deal with her.", 'Must mention before I begin that I am 27 and she is 36-38 (I\'m not quite sure). She is doing the same job as me because she went to college later on in life. This coworker has come up to me and told me that I don\'t deserve my job because I "don\'t have enough experience". She has also told me that I should not have been hired at the same pay grade as some of my other coworkers (who are all also Research Associates). I have also been told by her that I need to look for another job and that I have no future at this company. Other than that, the every day stuff includes telling me my food stinks, not letting me know when the team is getting together for lunch (everyone except me eats together), excluding me on purpose from anything that is not directly work related and worst of all, making sure everyone else does the same. My other coworkers have been nice to me but only when she isn\'t around. She has even colored my boss\'s perception of me to the extent that my boss told me in the exact same words that she used that I needed to be in a "more administrative role". The point is, my boss never even bothered to train me or work with me! I learnt on the go and unfortunately, this coworker was my chief jailer-in-charge. Anything I enjoy (including my work), she takes away from me. I am at my wits end with trying to work with her. I don\'t understand why. AT ALL. I have done everything in my power to be a good coworker. I don\'t complain and I do every task I can think of even if its menial. I think I am the only person at my workplace that folds biohazard boxes with a smile.', 'On a more personal level, since this is such a small company, most people are quite close. I have seen other coworkers who have joined after me get treated really well and be accepted completely. I understand that her and her husband have gone through a lot (she had 3 miscarriages and 2 of those were after IVF). I have tried to be as supportive as possible but what more can I do? It was her personal decision to not have children till later on in life and I have no idea what I could have done to change anything? I even helped her look for her lost dog and get it a welcome home present when she was found. I am just sick of the anxiety all this has put me through. Any inputs, feedback or tips would really help!', 'Thanks!
Can someone out there help me I have been dealing with my demons of workplace bullying? This has gone on for a long time but I can not get on with my life as I knew it before this happened. I think of what happened all the time can not be myself and want to know If there are other adults that have been through this bad place I am in.', 'I can not get a job. I am scared to mix with others in the workplace or talk to others if I did get a job. I doubt myself so much my abilities to do things just being me.', 'I feel a major part of me has been taken away by a person that did not know what their actions caused to me.', 'Can anyone out there tell me if there is a support group for others like me that have been bullied by management.
When a new regime took over recently they began closing offices and firing employees from the top down. My office closed and I was transferred.', "The first thing my coworker said to me was we don't need you here... find another job. Whenever someone asked me to do something she would jump in and quickly do it to sabotage my efforts. The worst part is she makes mistakes and her work is poor.", 'When I reported her my manager did nothing so I eventually was forced to report her to HR. I discovered that she had done the same thing to her previous coworker causing her to quit. Yet this bully is not punished and gets away with her behavior.', "HR contacted my manager who said he would handle it. He took me aside and said you had better find a way to get along with her because she can't be fired and if you don't I am not sure what I will do... implying I'd be fired.
It's been awhile since I wrote on this site. I have shared many a story of 'my experiences' in the business world and yes... the constant haranguing, taunting, ostracizing and other emotional means that today's society uses to get a person to QUIT or be terminated (bullies don't care how you go out) That constant emotional stuff ... is quite wearing to one's psyche... and confusing when you are not of the same way of being. ", "Yes... bullies will 'give it' to those who are nice. (too nice to give it back)", '1. Never give it back. Do not ever come down to same lever of interacting as \'the bully\' / Why? because just as was said on the school playground ... you will hear it said on the workplace \'playground\' ... You should have known better. The bully always gets away with his or her nasty ways and management knows who the bully is. The Principal on playground knows who the instigator of the playground fights is. The authority... also knows who is not a bully and expects \'the good\' to act different and bring bully \'up a notch or two\' in behavior. (which is unrealistic on the part of authority and a \'cop out\' on their duty as good authority to ensure the peace and cooperative way. But... authority never the less expects "the good" to not give it back. (so \'never\' give it back)', "2. To handle workplaces of today... means knowing the reality for yourself. If you are going to a new job after age 40 -- to work full time (if full time exists) You are not in tune to what is. This is a computerized world and a machine automated world. The reality is there is no need for 40 hour a week workers or 30 hour a week workers (unless in some busy factory where a Union protects you from being terminated) This was where I failed to see. In my years of work 40 and 30 hour weeks were still 'norm' by employers... economics were still 'good' and it only benefited employer to have such hours. (get the work out and make money while the money making was good) So... if business is offering 40 hours, I nodded in my 'worker naive mind' (or even 30 hours) but... ", 'In private business (no matter how small a shop) "humble yourself" ... do not take the place of honor at \'table\' ... do not try to fit in as once you could when 22. ', "The 'new workplace' of today's society of 'computerized and automated' will not take in 'new person' with a smile. They are insecure for their jobs. There's little new businesses out and about to apply to...they who are younger (with more bills) will see you 'older' (40 plus) as hindrance not help to them. They will directly or indirectly give a hard time. They will see you as a threat to their livelihood and you set yourself up to being given a hard time. Rather... work two part time jobs... (this was my error, when work and hiring was still abundant... I did not see myself as old, but in the business world, anyone over 40 who is looking for 'a new job' ... will not get the respect and support such age and experience should get. It will not happen .. not if you are administration or just a worker. (it is the human nature ... where money is concerned... to be nasty and insecure. ", "3. It is best to 'humble yourself' and later be 'exalted' by being ASKED to come on full time. When you work two part time jobs (or one part time job and your own avocation small business of your own, you are taking control for yourself. Don't fight business and their 'ethics' ... Work with what is. As per the Serenity prayer... change what can be changed and accept what can't be ... be wise to know 'difference' / You as worker can't change how a business thinks but you can change how YOU see and think. (work two part time jobs or one part time job and work your own small avocation business) Don't worry about the health benefits thing... say THANK YOU to God for good health and especially good mental health by avoiding the insecure workers in workplaces.", 'If not advancing in one employer and you are downsized at age 40... put \'pride aside\' and humble yourself. (work two part time jobs) Do not worry what others think of you. Don\'t worry about \'your career\' (to be honest, if you could only be \'a worker\' ... your \'career\' is "to be a worker" .. so work the system as it is... work part time.', 'All this is hard to think of when one is first terminated \'without real cause\' ... "bullied out" yet you know you could have done so much good for that firm. You trusted the one who hired when he or she said \'you were needed.\' Don\'t take words by human literally. They need you... til they do not need you. You are not indispensable and the bottom line is all that matters in business doings. ', "Know what matters and just work two part time jobs and do not let those in either job KNOW you have two part time jobs. (and you will always have a job, the business world still see's you as a profit to their 'beloved' bottom line. (That is all a business see's... know the truth and do not try to change them)", "That's my latest 'aha' moment.
So I'm a leadman at an airport and I've been having problems with an old guy. The first incident happened when I was throwing bags on the belt and he came to me and asked me about work policy. I explained. A few minutes after I tossed all the bags he started getting an attitude towards me and told me I'm a bad leader and nobody respects me.", 'I said ok. Now, after that it was a little weird. Then things cooled down.', "Now here comes the second incident. I was sitting on are pushback he asked me another question work related about a co-worker of ours. I explained again. He then turns away, then starts screaming at me about how I'm going to make him quit and how I'm a bad lead and this and that. So I got up and walked away.", "Now it's completely no communication. One day he took a picture of me working and sent it to my regional. I got written up the next day.", 'So tell me is he going after my job or is he trying to fire me.
I started a new job after getting back on my feet due to a life threatening situation in my family. In the first couple of months I had no issues with my co workers. My line manager micro managed but I put it down to the fact she had long service but lacked training. 3 month later a new co worker arrived on the scene she was loud, aggressive and difficult to relate to for me. She was a friend of my co worker so they bonded. She arrived whilst I was on leave. ', 'They both spoke together and exclude me from conversations and would ignore me or take a negative attitude to my request to ask for assistance with work we shared. One of them was okay on her own with me but the when the other was in the vicinity the attitude would change. ', 'I spoke to my partner about my experience he as a professional manager suggested I raise the issue with my senior manager. ', 'I did this but it was a big mistake. I had a meeting with my manager then another with him and line manager. They then had a meeting with my co workers and themselves I was excluded. ', 'I was then called into another meeting with all of us because the atmosphere was bad in our workplace, my co worker was trying to provocate me with bad behaviour I tried to speak out she shouted me down. ', 'My senior manager called us all into a meeting. ', 'My co workers were both angry at me because I went behind their backs to management but they were behaving badly to the point I knew they would not listen to any reasonable requests from me. ', 'During the meeting they made me out a liar and I could only shrug my shoulders, the new co worker took the floor pointed her finger and raged and was allowed to behave like this. The other was so offended that I had gone behind her back to management. ', 'It was like a big game for them. I had a light bulb moment these people would never treat me fairly with honesty and respect. ', 'My manager asked us to do a course which was supposed to help us all reflect on the current situation. ', "I am now getting the silent treatment from both of them. I don't feel as bad because I understand that I need to make a decision because not one of them have the guts to stop their behaviour. ", 'Alarm bells rang when they were abusive about our senior manager. I know my only option is to leave. I really wish I could challenge and confront anyone who bullies. Having real life drama is painful. No one needs people behaving badly in their lives, I look at someone who has come back from the brink of death and they are my inspiration for living life to the full.
There's a 58 year old man in my team. I'm about 20 years younger than him and make more than him (found out when he asked me how much I make and by the look on his face when I told him).", "I've bent over backwards for this man - trying to be nice to him and listening to his stories but he is unrelenting. He bullies me. All he does is sit on his ass all day talking about the past and I respect him for his age if not for his character but he constantly puts me down in meetings and other places. It's incredibly demeaning.", "There were times I felt like killing myself. I told my boss and he was defending him (they've been together for years) and implying something was wrong with me and that I'm upset over some personal family problem (partly true).", "However, it's incredibly upsetting at times. These days, I don't say anything at all for fear of a rebuttal from the bully. I cannot handle another racist or derogatory remark. I will kill myself if I have to.", "Everyone thinks I've gone crazy and irrational but it's better than being bullied. They can fire me at this stage - I've given up.
Even though I am now 40 years old I am new to dealing/having dealt with a bully/workplace bully.', 'I was never bullied growing up although I knew my place having 5 older brothers. I grew up in a loving home by two parents who are still married today having just celebrated 55 years of marriage.', 'My brothers and I were raised to always stand up for the defenseless and help the downtrodden so I always used the golden rule in relationships and when meeting new people at school or in the workplace.', 'My experience with workplace bullying began after starting a new job in a different state than where I grew up. All started off great, co-workers seemed happy to have me aboard and offering support while I am settled into the new transition. After 3 months on the job that is when I first felt in my gut something was off with one of my other co-workers who at first had been supportive of me being there.', 'He seemed a little aggressive and jealous, someone who had many insecurities. I do know he had an abusive mother and father (divorced) growing up and abandonment issues from his mother leaving him and his siblings at a young age. Within three months his passive-aggressiveness was very intense, along with two-faced behavior. The bully would make physical harming threats towards me behind my back to other co-workers, but never to my face. The bully would try to make fun of the way I spoke i.e. my accent in meetings. I thought about confronting the bully about the threats of physical harm towards me behind my back but being two-faced I knew the bully would deny it and I did not want to drag another co-worker into this developing saga. I am sure you are wondering if I informed HR... Well, let us just say this professional company was a very small startup with one incompetent HR person.', 'After many hours researching workplace bullying during this difficult time at work, it did not take me long to realize this bully is insecure and jealous of me. Unlike a schoolyard bully, I was not targeted because I was a "loner" without friends to stand up to the bully. Nor am I a weakling. Most likely, I was a target (for reasons my bully may or may not have known) because I posed a "threat" to him. This perception of threat is entirely in the bully’s mind, but it is what the bully feels and believes.', 'After many hours of workplace bullying research, I discovered that thousands of targets have confirmed that targets appear to be the most skilled person in the workgroup. I have included more information here on the characteristics of a potential target: Targets are independent. They refuse to be subservient. Bullies seek to enslave targets. When targets take steps to preserve their dignity, their right to be treated with respect, bullies escalate their campaigns of hatred and intimidation to wrest control of the target\'s work from the target. Targets are more technically skilled than their bullies. They are the "go-to" workers to whom other employees turn for guidance. Insecure bully co-workers cannot stand to share credit for the recognition of talent. Bullies will try to steal credit from skilled targets. Targets are better liked, they have more social skills, and quite likely possess greater emotional intelligence. They have empathy, even for their bullies (This was true in my case). Colleagues, customers, and management (with exception to the bullies and their sponsors) appreciate the warmth that the targets bring to the workplace. Targets are ethical and honest. Targets are not schemers or slimy con artists. They tend to be guileless. The most easily exploited targets are people with personalities founded on a prosocial orientation -- a desire to help, heal, teach, develop, and nurture others.', 'Targets are non-confrontive. They do not respond to aggression with aggression. (They are thus morally superior.) But the price paid for apparent submissiveness is that the bully can act with impunity (as long as the employer also does nothing).', 'Now I will write about what steps I took to combat my workplace bully. Having an incompetent boss and HR rep, I decided to combat this bully on my own and my first step was to start distancing myself from the bully. The bully’s reaction to my new cold shoulder was comical at times because he would ask me weekly “Is everything okay? Or “Did I do anything to make you upset?” I tried my best to always show up to work with a positive attitude. Any coworkers that needed my help I would stop what I was working on and help them. At times I would totally ignore my workplace bully or if the job I was working on required any interaction between me and my bully I would kill him with kindness albeit always in short message form. From my personal experience ignoring the bully works best and I know it is harder said than done, but once the bully sees that his/her actions do not outwardly affect you in any way and they constantly receive the cold shoulder from you the bullying should subside. If not, definitely find another job if you can.
So I had recently applied at a restaurant. This would be my first job ever. I thought being there was going to be fun. I thought wrong.', "There's this waitress that works with me. (I'm a hostess) and we work in the same spot. At our job we have to divide the floor into waiters. (The waiters each have their own section to serve tables.)", 'The company policy is to NEVER SAY NO TO A COSTUMER. So this couple walks in and I ask "would you like a table or a booth?" And they ask for a booth and can chose where they would want to be more comfortable.', 'So this waitress gets mad at me cause I double sat a waitress and she comes up to me in front of costumers and basically threatens me by saying. "If you double sit (let\'s call her Lilia) you\'re going to be in some big trouble." I am shocked at what she had just said to me, so I get my feelings hurt. I mean come on it\'s my first job and it\'s my second day.', "Later on throughout the day she starts telling other co-workers about the incident and they all start to talk crap about me, and it's been like that ever since.", "I have just started there and I'm quitting. The experience there is just so negative. To add on, they talk crap about almost every costumer that goes in. That's not very professional to me.
I am a teacher.  I have been for 15 years.  I have worked in many places and have a lot of experience.  I finally get to work alongside a close coworker of mine this year.  I was excited.', 'Then enter the new girl, 22 and thinks she knows it all.  This is her first teaching job and she likes to tell me how to do things.  I have a child and cannot stay super late at work.  She and my friend bonded during this time.  It started small, an add on Facebook (I was not included) to small meetings where I was not included.  I brought it up and was brushed off.', 'Then came the day that she bought a shirt for my friend and her to wear together at school, not me.  I ignored it until she announced at lunchtime that she still had more to give away effectively leaving me out.', 'After that it was texts that I was not a part of and finally planning.  They were planning and when I asked why I was not included she brushed it off again, seemingly enjoying my hurt feelings.  I tried to take the high road saying I understand because I cannot stay after because of my child, her response "Well you chose to have him so..."  End game.', 'I am hurt and frustrated and no longer close with my friend.  Suggestions?
Recently I was dx with an illness that altered my ability to perform certain task associated with my job. My doctor placed me on some restrictions while I understand while undergoing therapy.', "I was having some bullying issues at work such as alienation, on the fly changes, pop up meetings that didn't make sense and flat out expression of how they felt about me. However it got worse.", 'For a month I worked hard a trying to do my job and avoid ruffling any feathers. I begin to blame myself for the treatment. I found myself stressed, getting anxiety attacks, crying and getting sick to my stomach on Sundays. My weight went through the roof, my blood pressure did too.', "All I want to do is work. I love my job however the environment is toxic. I decided to take STD but feel like I'm leaving my team hanging. My heart is broken. Has anyone experienced guilt for leaving a toxic environment on short notice?
Since I moved to my present location I have been a victim of bullying. I never had it so bad before. Maybe, my mind just didn't grasp the reality of a world gone mad before.", "I am an older worker among a younger population. I am friendly toward people, but I don't join in on the lax environment around me because I am a health care provider and have an obligation to not neglect residents. It is sad to see it done. I am a hard worker and try to be a team worker.", 'When I first started my job I thought everyone felt the same way. I went out of my way to do extra thinking people would appreciate it and it would motivate a team work mentality. I was so wrong!', "I can only think it is my age and my willingness to pitch in that has people taking advantage of me. The bosses don't care about it all. They turn a blind eye to co-worker's behavior toward their job duties and I feel so victimized there.", "They try to make me be mandated so they don't have to do it. Crap like leaving only one person on the floor. Me. It all has been done. I feel so alone there. I am in school now. I have one term left and I am switching out of the field.", 'Everyone has personal lives and I understand that, but tired of suffering in silence. I have to watch my back every time I go there because there is a clique there. ', 'Lost in a time warp where work standards matter and bullying is not allowed.', 'Wondering if anyone else deals with this crap?', 'How can you get it to stop?', 'I feel stressed, angry, and near to tears over it all. I dread going in when I know I got to work a certain unit.
I worked in a private children's nursery for 10 years. I was a very popular member of staff with the children parents and staff. After 8 years the manager left because the man who owned the nursery was crooked. After the manager left 8 other long term members of staff also left very soon after.", "The depute manager was offered the manager's job and at 28 years old had very little experience and no formal qualifications. She accepted a lower wage and this made the owner happy. Another girl who was 23 with no management qualifications was the only applicant for the depute job so got it.", "My problems started with the new manager hiring her friends and children of her parent's friends.", 'She had no control over them and I complained about bad practices such as using mobile phones in playrooms, looking through personal staff files, and mistreating children.', 'The manager then told these people that I had complained about them and mobbing begun.', "The most unfortunate situation for me was the owner's daughter and her best friend were really making my life Hell.", 'In the end I had words with them and the owners daughter told him.', 'He came to speak to me and told me if I reported them to care inspectorate it would be futile as no one would back me up. He had previously forced members of staff to lie in statements about how a child was injured and I refused to change my statement.', 'He owns a cleaning company and brought one of his cleaners with him to threaten me. I told him he was not fit to own a nursery as he was happy to allow all this behaviour to go on. He was furious and suspended me. I am 58 years old, well known and respected in my community and felt ashamed even though I had done nothing wrong.', 'I reported the behaviour to the relevant authorities and he got all the people I had complained about to lie about me.', 'He informed SSSC that I had been suspended and gave them fabricated statements from these people saying I was bullying them.', 'He was so brutal in his treatment in order to make me seem unreliable even although he knew I had cancer.', 'I have resigned from my job been on sleeping tablets have lost my self esteem cannot trust people and am depressed. Its awful how people can destroy your life to cover up their wrongdoings.
My name is Jannelle and I work for a small pharmacy chain ... in Illinois. I've been there for about 4 months now, and I really hate my work place. The pharmacist/pharmacy manager I work for name is ... and he is the most condescending person I have ever met and work with.", 'I go into work everyday with a smile and try to have a good day and stay out of his line of view but that never works. Everything that I do at work is criticized including my skills and work experience by this man.', 'We have updated our entire pharmacy system so honestly there is no need for criticizing anything the technicians do. I have worked for other pharmacies and worked with other pharmacist and they never made me feel as low and useless as these people do at this pharmacy.', "My job has been threatened since I got there and have been written up several times for unexplained reasons, not to mention being told that I would be fired if I did not bring proof of my child's visit to the hospital.", "I've reached out to corporate several times about his behavior but no availability from them. The stress and mental drain from this job has caused me to have mental breakdowns when I leave, and there's nothing for me to do but take it because I need my job and it's the highest paying in the entire county.", "I don't know what to do at this point but I need some type of help or advise from an outside source on what I can do to improve my result of a change or on how I can report this behavior going on in the work place. Please someone help me!!
In my first class I was bullied right out. I never got any help. I was constantly abandoned. I was told by the other students that I had to do it all myself. Students would leave my groups and leave me to do it all. In clinical they never came near me. Eventually, things got so bad that I pulled out of clinical. In class my friends would laugh at me till I left each day. At the end of the term, they decided to place me in another class. An investigation was conducted and the teacher was fired. ', 'When I got back the next term, all my teachers would threaten me in front of the class. In clinicals, everything I did was wrong despite having an A average and the teacher giving me around 90%. She would freak on me. One time the nurse told me to discipline the patient. After, the teacher freaked so hard that she was restrained by 3 nurses. I was told to meet her in the change room. After, she dismissed me. I went to the washroom and there was my teacher outside. I was failed out. ', 'I transferred schools, I thought everything was fine. I was elected class rep. During the first clinical, I was accused of sexually harassing the students even though I worked with a guy. Throughout the term I was chased around by the admins who said I must sign a letter admitting it. ', "I didn't sign and walked away from nursing.
I am a orderly at a hospital and I got on well with my supervisor, her daughter also a supervisor at the same place, disliked me because I was friendly with her mum.', "When I needed her (daughter), I called her on the radio and she would ignore me, this affecting my work. When I brought it to her mother's attention I would get the silent treatment from her because I had said something about her daughter.", "The daughter has done things to other staff and me like, annual leave forms going missing from office, name tags gone missing even spitting on someones car, nothing is ever done when it's reported!
I work Quality Control and before we moved to a bigger space where I have my own lab space, my lab and the office kitchen were the same thing so basically everything that went wrong in there got blamed on me. The worst one was when someones bday cake got thrown out in the women's bathroom and she not only went around telling people that I did it but how and why (her manager told me yet did nothing about her behavior). Everyone also bought into it and no one asked me my side, just believed her and then went about their day. I was advised by friends and family to give HR my account of the situation just to have it on record. I did not want to involve HR ever but I trusted the advice I was getting. ", 'About a week later I had to ask her for help with something to do with work and I got such intense animosity and was so bewildered that I just confronted her on the whole cake situation telling her "I\'m sorry that happened to you but it wasn\'t me and you can\'t treat me like this" to which she just denied that she knew what I was talking about and it left me in such shock that I just walked into her managers office and recounted the situation. My boss came in and calmed me down but was telling me I was immature for how I was acting. He was nice though (as much as he can be) and told me to go home for the day and settle down.', 'We get a new HR person about a year after the incident and she saw that I had "a record" and she wanted to "catch up" with me about it. I recounted once again my side and she insisted I have a meeting with her and the woman and I begged not to be in the same room with her. This some how turned into a meeting with the woman and my boss, no HR present, and this meeting went from bad to worse. I tried to tell her how I felt to which she replied "aw!" without meaning it whatsoever. I was shocked to hear a grown woman talking like this but my boss didn\'t seem to think anything of it.', 'Anyway I ended up not being able to take the daily micro aggressions after almost 2 years and sent this woman an email on my way out 2 Fridays ago, just happened to be the Friday before I left for a week vacation. My email addressed that we did not have the most pleasant work relationship but if she could state clearly for me what I did to make it come to this I would be happy to attempt to correct whatever it is I did to her in hopes to patch the relationship. I ended with "no matter what the resolve is, you can absolutely count on me for anything work related". I felt confident in this email, it\'s something I would have said to anyone who was acting like that towards me. I come back from vacation to learn that she forwarded the email to my 2 bosses and HR. This new HR woman came in for a formal meeting with me and my immediate boss (person in original meeting with me and this woman) telling me that I should sign up for the suggested and voluntary counseling and that I am basically being watched for a year now.', 'HR\'s investigation into my "complaints" which I thought were just a written back up of my side of a crazy story proved it all to be unfounded because when questioned, this woman denied every interaction she and I ever had. Presumably making it look like I am a crazy person. ', 'Basically what I learned is that if someone is going to all of a sudden turn on you that they will most likely begin to act completely insane and that I have to take it and let it run its course, even if it is forever. ', 'I was also told during this last meeting that my performance is "check plus plus" and has been getting steadily better. So I guess that\'s good but I struggle every day and get anxiety shooting through my body thinking about what might possibly happen if I run into this woman in the hallway or the bathroom or the kitchen or the printer. It is a daily struggle for me but I just keep hoping that one day she shows her aggression towards me in a way that someone else will see. ', 'Thanks for listening.
Working for a private community services company who employ a number of staff who are either friends or family members of the owners has been difficult. The company has grown very quickly and has been through many changes... many mistakes have been made by scheduling and payroll and I have had to deal with dissent within the ranks regarding changes and errors that occur frequently.', 'Several staff have continually complained to me about each other so I have requested that they put these complaints in writing. Upon taking  these complaints to higher management the individuals who have made the complaint have approached the person who is the subject of the complaint stating that they had no problem with them but that I had "made them do it". This has created a situation where I have been accused', 'of using staff to target others and has resulted in staff making unfounded complaints, my receiving anonymous threatening phone calls, defamation by staff in training sessions and general gossip regarding my abilities based on untrue information.', 'I have experienced several instances of this with no intervention by management (perpetrators are friends and family of the owners) and has resulted in my developing anxiety and afraid to go to work. I have entertained the thought of legal action.
Why do we meet up with those who like to give us a hard time ... in little or big ways? ', 'Go back into your younger days (childhood) Do you recall mom, dad or both saying things like "don\'t get pulled down to that level that a friend was about?\' This life is a test of faith? There\'s book smart and then there is the applying of the book to life itself.', 'REJOICE when man(kind) persecutes you says the GOOD BOOK. ', "As a child; we question it... REJOICE WHEN OTHERS GIVE US A HARD TIME?? It's hard to understand ... unless we SEE WITH EYES OF FAITH ... ", "ALL THE GOOD that we received in our younger years: the holiday gathering time with the family, the laughter, the birthdays, the accomplishment of grammar school graduation, high school graduation, if we were brought up in a certain faith tradition, we ourselves ere baptized, received Holy Communion and subsequent Holy communions we were confirmed to being adult Christians (as adolescents) and in the early years; it's all running smooth...the feasting, the family, the friends in our small social circle, the first job and paycheck and the independence of having such. (even if not Christian per se....if any are in this understanding of God...early life is fund and carefree... but I speak specifically today, of Christian faith living... IN THE EARLY YEARS...we are running well: good health, good family, fun days, we are loved, they laugh with us not at us... IT'S WONDERFUL...", 'We could call this the PALM SUNDAY Christianity... who would not love it. ', 'THEN ... something changes...The cheers from others stop, they don\'t laugh with us anymore, they aren\'t thrilled to see us coming, they ... almost seem to \'fear\' us or is that envy? if we know RIGHT FROM WRONG...BY his grace to our lives; THIS DAY was bound to come. This is THE TRUE TEST OF OUR FAITH... "what good is it to be loved only" ANYONE can do that. GOD deems us worth OF THE CROSS CARRYING part of the journey upward. Can we LOVE HIM... and lean on HIS WAY when they stop laughing with us, when joy isn\'t there, when others do seem to want to find any type of fault with us, trip us up... ?? GOD DEEMED ME WORTHY OF HIMSELF... who carried a cross \'with love... ', "REJOICE...we are on the road to FULL MATURITY OF SPIRIT... We by grace know how it should go, the right and wrong actions... THEY DON'T KNOW. This one ...as the saying has been said: this one: there but for the grace of God ...GO I. Should we just 'take it' ... YES AND NO... We take it AS FURTHER GRACE from our Lord...to take it and OFFER IT UP... gaining His merit who TOOK IT ALL upon Himself. The difference is ...WE TAKE IT... WITH HIS LIFE PART OF US... so; we have the supernatural strength... to handle any difficulty or person. Not a hair on our head will be harmed. ", "We take it ... and OFFER IT UP for (our enemy) PRAY FOR THEM... what GOD THEN DECIDES to do; is up to God... and when its time He will move us up from this temporary moment 'higher up' (as we moved thru grade school and high school and graduated... we will 'graduate' from THIS TEST of FAITH IN HIS WAY... and rise above these of a lower way of living life... ", "IT'S ALL ONE TEST AFTER ANOTHER TEST ... to full maturity of spirit ... growth of wisdom and stature with God and GOOD mankind. ADULT RESPECT.", 'Keep the faith and do not grow weary of doing good. ', "Pray for your 'enemies' ... that in time...GOD WILL SHOW THEM THE SAME MERCY HE SHOWED TO YOU... and one day... they too will be in the WHOLENESS of the eternal realm.", 'Amen.
I got a divorce four years ago and found I could not support myself on my income of Disability Social Security. I have Anxiety and PTSD. I went through a few jobs over the last four years not finding anything that I really wanted. I found a job 2 months ago and it is a perfect job for me. At the first I asked for the night shift but they said I had to be special certification to do that shift but offered me another which I took.', 'It started out ok I liked it very much and the people seemed nice at first.', "Three weeks maybe down the road is when all the harassment and belittling started. They would make fun of me and exclude me from work related things. Example we have to carry a walkie talkie to communicate with each other and they would not answer me at all but would with each other. I confronted the main girl who did this and asked her if she was going to and she said no. They would make me do their work and get on the talkie constantly asking why I wasn't doing my work as they sat in another room. No one would talk to me on any level and made sure I felt excluded. I finally went to HR and she acted like I was making it up even though another girl was there on another shift who was a witness for me. (Now this girl will not speak to me.) They held a meeting on being professional and changed me to night shift. Well the night shift didn't want me there as I overheard and one girl even stated swearing. I felt so small. (Did I mention I cried everyday.) When I stuck up for myself I was told I was making a scene and being a crybaby. ", 'Some of he girls would pretend to befriend me to get me to say something and then the next day act like I was a fungus.', 'I went to other people for support but the only thing I heard was that it would get better and no one really cared.', "The final straw for me before I walked out three days ago was a confrontation with my co worker on nights. She called our supervisor and woke her up and told her she was going to quit if she had to work with me and she couldn't handle me anymore even though she acted like my friend the night before. When I tried to stick up for myself she would shut me down and walk away. I felt stupid as she is 30 years younger than me but I was so shocked and trying not to lose it with the supervisor on the phone. The supervisor was saying this was immature to me and they were investing a report against me and she was getting dressed to come there. I was so upset I broke down and fell to the floor crying like a maniac. I ran to my locker and left before she got there.", "I'm scared to go back to get my locker things which I kept a log of the abuse. I might have a police escort. And I have called disability rights to try and file a harassment claim since they knew I am disabled.", "I'm waiting to hear their decision and I want to go to the DOL and file a civil suit. But I feel like I am just somehow not letting it go and being too sensitive. No one will talk to me and anyone who did agree with me at work won't speak to me. I have sat here depressed and no one for moral support.
I have been coping with flu. Had to leave several times to go to doctor. One episode was so bad I thought I was going to die. My inhaler helped me no relief so I went to doctors and he said flu and high anxiety put me off for a while. March 30th my district manager came in told me not to come back 'til I healed and when I come back would retain same shift. I am on short term disability.", 'The Facebook bullying came on my computer. I was so upset my boss of eleven years had wrongly accused me as it says she was off the day off she said my leaving was not funny and was not cute. To my utter shock co-workers said the most hurtful things. She led them on so I made copy of this sent for investigation.', "Now they say I may lose my job. Retaliation was swift and brutal. Have been broken. I can't get over this. Have several doctors notes. I have done all I can to this job this bullying was posted by my boss and I copied for proof. Please, I need help. I am 57 years old. I need advice. Feel like a dog ran over."]
In all honesty, I don’t think it is advisable to stay in a job where you are being mobbed. People will advise you to stick it out and fight. Some will tell you that if you walk away the bullies win. The truth is this; you are the one wearing the shoe and know where it hurts.', 'After you must have been damaged because you stayed back in an unhealthy work environment, those people who once advised you to stay will probably not understand or even leave you to your faith. Some will say you lost your job because you are incompetent or you are a difficult worker. Most times people don’t even understand the phenomenon called mobbing.', 'I have had people roll their eyes and look at me like I am probably insane and keep their distance. Even the so-called defenders will abandon you in the race, you might not get the support you need to fight and end up even screwing yourself up the more. For you to fight mobbing, you have to be fully equipped. If you are not strong enough to stop mobbing dished to you, chances are you might not be strong enough to fight it.', 'That time fighting mobbing can be used to secure you a safe environment to work. I know we all tie our happiness to income, stability, benefits etc. But you can plan a great exit strategy. Some benefits are transferable in government. I will advise you probably work for some few months to save some funds and at the same time search for another job and leave.', 'Even if you do not get a job of your standard, take up anything to survive while you wait. The truth is this; there is never really a happy ending to mobbing. Either you resign or they terminate you. It’s either you win a law suit or lose a law suit but winning doesn’t safeguard your well-being.', 'You might die out of exhaustion or having to re-live the experience, you might lose your career, and no one will want to employ someone who sues companies.', 'Going through the process might also mean you will be disabled. Staying back may also mean retaliation that will dent your career for life.', 'To me the best revenge/pay back is to become a success story after you leave. Let your enemies know you are doing better elsewhere and whatever was done to you was a waste of time. That way, people will really see that they are the problem.', 'You can also ensure you put your reason for resigning in your resignation letter then authorities will take it up and you don’t need to be there when all that stress happens. If you are lucky someone else would have complained before you or will complain afterwards or at least the bullies might stop so they don’t get into trouble.', 'You have to ask yourself, is an organization that supports such really worth working for. A lot of people work in companies without a trace of bullying but the regular workplace here or there.']
What is a BULLY? Plain and simple; A bully is one who uses manipulation and / or intimidation to make another do a wrong or think a wrong idea. ', "The best example is the schoolyard variety of bully; who will approach the one who is most quiet, cooperative, and good and try to incite this one's anger to begin a fight. The bully knows he's 'safe' because he knows this good one is not going to fight. ", "Is that odd? You want a fight so you go to the one who won't fight? No, it's not odd. You see, it is true, that a bully type is a coward type. They want to 'talk tough' but they are more fearful than of courage. When the good one doesn't fight... those watching BELIEVE this one is tough. He gathers around him those equally afraid but also not of the good. BULLY LEADER won his mission of having strength in numbers... ", 'A BULLY is someone who entices another to DO OR THINK in a wrong way. ', 'NOW; life is such that sometimes people are called bullies who are not. Those who are strong of convictions and say NO to wrongs; can be accused of being a bully for such good convictions. They get a wrong label put upon themselves. ', 'So... what are the good to do? ', "1. AVOID and never try to reason with this type of person. Can't be done. ", "2. Pray 'for them' in private (at home) The good Lord will enlighten your mind as to how to handle the situation or change 'you' rather than this other. You may be led to a new job opportunity, or a chance to move from a neighborhood, or if you must stay and endure how to bring a spiritual good to yourself for it... by 'offering up' this suffering situation for: (name an intention of good) The Lord never gives more cross than we can bear so... in time, God will lead the good OUT of this tough set up. Meanwhile MAKE IT WORK for your spiritual good.", "3. Hang with the good. Keep a strong network of support to talk over the day or week's bully ways. OUTSIDE of the office support network. Church friends, sports friends, or one close friend who just listens. Will keep you from coming down to the level the bully wants to bring you down to.", '4. Stay in the good way, keep the lips tight, do nothing that will condemn you in the mind of others, BE UPBEAT, helpful, TO ALL. Eat lunch outside of the office lunchroom; MAYBE with another co worker but STAY CLEAR of lunchrooms. The walls hear EVERYTHING... and will twist it. go to lunch at a designated time and come back ON TIME. Do not speak where you go. JUST GO and if you have a desk with your work in it.LOCK IT UP. (some bullies will attempt to sabotage your work) Shut down your computer so no one can access it.', 'Be ABOVE REPROACH...give them no reason to believe THE BULLY.']
I'm a person that keeps to herself at work. I'm a pharmacy tech and have been bullied for the 8 months I've been working there. I decided to let my supervisors know and it made matters worse.", "They ganged up on me basically saying I made it all up and I'm a trouble maker when one of the maintenance workers was brought in and asked he denied the whole thing also raising his voice being really defensive never actually saying he did not say bad things loudly so I can hear he just kept saying if he had something to say he'd say it to my face.", "This bully is a coward and management chose his side saying they didn't believe me I'm just causing trouble not to socialize with anyone and keep to myself. They are not really management but supervisors and I'm not supposed to speak a word to anyone anymore.", "They probably don't want management finding out how they handled it by yelling at me and calling me a liar. I just cried stayed silent. No use in getting loud they made up their mind from the start.  They made it seem like I am replaceable but he's not. They can't find another janitor that's like 20 years old but certified techs are a dime a dozen apparently.", "I'll be applying to jobs today it's time to move forward. I refuse to be bullied forever and keep silent they can find another emotional punching bag.
I’m a male, working at a nuclear power plant where we have two refueling outages a year. These outages last about 30 days and during this time we do all of our inspections which means it gets really busy and hectic.', 'One of my female coworkers decided to go on a short term due to a knee surgery. I suspect she was just trying to “Skip” out of work and dump it on others. Of course, I volunteered to take over her duties on top of my own. I saw this as an opportunity to impress my boss. The turnover I got from her was nothing but complaints. She tried to make it sound like her job was impossible to do and I would ultimately fail. The word “fail” was used a lot. As she tried to put more pressure on me I responded by laughing which probably pissed her off.', 'Next thing I know I’m being called in to HR office being accused of using foul language of sexual nature. I couldn’t believe this was happening to me. Apparently, she gathered ammunition from another female coworker (gossiper or maybe they’re both in on it) that I’ve been carpooling with and used this information to attack me. The company went out of its way to “substantiate my bad behavior” in order to avoid liability of lawsuit.  Now, I have a permanent record in HR file (career limited) and my end of the year evaluation is in the toilet which affected my bonus and pay raise meanwhile she gets promoted (to keep her quiet? I’m guessing). This company seems to be corrupted. I found out later that it is notorious for loosing lawsuits so maybe that’s why it was safer for them throw me under the bus.', "I’ve been a high performing employee in the last 5 years. I asked for transfer but it was denied. The pay is amazing but would you put up with this insult? It's difficult for me to maintain my integrity so i started applying elsewhere.", 'Here is what they made me sign:', 'A female co-worker alleged that you made inappropriate comments to her including cements of sexual nature, and that you had made other inappropriate comments and exhibited unprofessional behavior with regard to other female employees. The company conducted an investigation into allegations, and substantiated that you did engage in unprofessional and inappropriate conduct. While your actions did not rise to the level of unlawful misconduct, they did violate company policy.
I expressed my opinion regarding a restructuring in a meeting where administrator, union representatives and staff were present. I was concerned that the powers in charge were moving too quickly in terms of reducing staff and that patient care would be compromised.', 'My chairman called me on a cell phone, reprimanded me and without my knowledge, placed a letter in my file stating that I was insubordinate and if it happened again I would be terminated (after a stellar record of professionalism for 29 years in same hospital).
Hi my story begun two years ago. Before that I used to receive rewards and good performance evaluations.', 'On 2014 I had a new manager she arrived to her position complaining about her new role and didn\'t work for the rest of the year. Only complaining about its leadership and culture. In that year she was on an investigation (my co workers reported her) for unprofessional behavior and don\'t follow the policies. I was part of the investigation I was interviewed, but nothing happened with investigation as the person who raised the complain told me because "she is protected by her manager"   So  I did all the work that year and the first half of 2015.', 'In this time (1Q2015), her manager came to visit us (she works in another state); trusting in the company ethics I complained about my manager.', 'After that my manager back from maternity leave and start to taking from me all my responsibilities and cut my relationships with my customer I used to have full contact with them and I was very immerse in the organizational dynamic.', 'In 2016 (1Q) her manager came again and there were complains about my manager again, not only for me, for the customers and coworkers as it was the first time. Those complains were ignored. Everybody quit that fight.', 'After that she gave my responsibilities to a new intern (who worked in the past with her), and I took responsibilities as if I was the intern (my manager and I have the same level and earn almost the same salary).', 'So my life was hell, I have insomnia since and a contracture that heal October last year.', 'She insulate me and not share with me any information.', 'The organization now is transitioning to a new owner (was bought it in last month).  And she put me out of the transactions and still doing a diminish work.', "So after thinking a lot  in October last year I raise an investigation that just close in February. I raised that investigation at very high level to be sure that I will skipped her manager, but it didn't work. My case as retaliation and unfair employment practices (harassment), was closed because the organization is on sale and there were only recommendations about her manager style and issues with communication only. I was so angry when I knew this and she become stronger.", 'Now I full invisible even for my co workers who complained as well in the past. One of them have received 6000 usd in rewarards and of course, put distance with me.', "Now that we are going to transition to a new owner, I have two choices wait for my severance (because my role will be put in question mark as it doesn't have any value in its content) or wait for a good opportunity out side.", "I'm in a rage as an article I read I'm sad and tired and my family is the same. I'm depress and fight or cry for things that are not worthy with my poor husband that has been very supportive.", 'I just think in revenge, but everybody said relation and harassment are very hard to probe.', 'That my story.', 'Thanks this space.
I started a new job this year at a school I had been subbing at. I was excited to work with kids and meet potential friends. I've lived in a new city for close to a year and haven't made too many friends so I was open to the idea. At the small school I work at, we have co-teachers for the extended day program, and right away I got a bad feeling from the woman who I was supposed to teach with. I just knew she wasn't going to like my style of communication and that we were different.", "I'm a generally nice person who tends to give people the benefit of the doubt. In this situation this only benefited one person, the frenemy. She invited me over to dinner one night. I didn't really want to go but felt like I shouldn't cancel. I went over and the food was really good and I enjoyed her husband's company. I felt that we had bonded and that our work woes had gone away, but I was wrong. The small jabs and constant criticism continued and grew in different forms and in different ways. ", "One of her tactics was to corner me when she knew I was most exhausted and very hungry. She would approach me and sit down and then dig into me. At first I was skeptical because she had been so warm to me, but as months went by, it became obvious we weren't really friends. She made plans with me weeks ahead and then broke them for reasons she couldn't tell me. She let me use her ratty old truck to move, but then got upset about the gas usage. ", "I was really starting to realize that her treatment of me was bothering me but I couldn't figure it out. ", 'It wasn\'t until one Friday when she came in and I told her, "I\'m having a rough day."', 'She asked about it and I responded and then pounced on the opportunity to rip the rest of my day apart. ', '"I know you\'re having a bad day, and I don\'t want to offend you, but," I cut her off.', '"You are offending me by saying that." She continued anyways.', "I was angry, smoke stirred through me the rest of the weekend as I spent my spare time figuring out what to say to her on Monday. I ended up telling her that if she wanted to have a mutual and constructive critique, I was open to that, but that these random critiques aren't helpful. She agreed, and strangely enough wanted to meet off of campus and walk to a coffee shop nearby for our critique during work hours.", "This was the real kicker, where she really got a chance to ask me offensive questions like why I talk a certain way or why I use certain mannerisms. She picked things out that I had said to the students that were dumb and meaningless. At the time I thought she was trying to be helpful, but I didn't take her advice with any real importance. I just thought listening would help ease her issues. Then I found out that this would not work, because she disrespected my boundaries by asking me inappropriate questions like why I was sick or how I felt about my lesson.", 'At that point I was done. She approached me about meeting for a critique, and while I originally said yes, I was just trying to bide my time until the day of to say no. This is something you have to do with narcissist bullies who pretend they are being a friend. Otherwise, it could cause a confrontation. ', 'So on Monday after a very relaxing weekend, I texted her saying, "I don\'t need to meet today because I already have enough to work on from our last meeting for the rest of the school year."', 'She was irate. She texted me back that we needed to talk, it was important. I told her it was non-negotiable. This is when she revealed her true inner self when she said, "It seems like you have a problem with me? Why else wouldn\'t you want to meet?"', "I told her I was willing to talk about lesson planning and the health of students. I told her I was willing to talk about future successes. I told her to talk to the boss if she had an issue, and that's what she did! I also had already asked my boss if I could switch to another grade band. I was happy to do this because I prefer older kids. ", "My boss basically told her to cut it out, her communication was not working for me and that there should be some norms between us of what we agree to talk about. That day she was pissed when she came into work. The following day she didn't give me any attitude. It's perfect now because all we communicate is what we need to. I still don't trust her and will not say much to her at all. I blocked her on my Facebook.", 'Feel free to tell your bully to go to your boss if they have any issues. Obviously this depends on the boss, but if you get the bully early on and keep making boundaries with them, this can clearly work. Most bosses are always watching and want coworkers to be happy and productive.
My manager does not speak to me at all. I was not trained properly on the computer. I clean the bathroom and the shop every day I go in. My hours have been cut from 20 a week to 3. My manager has made comments of not having patience for old people. (I am 55.) I am made to stand by an open door regardless of weather conditions to greet customers for hours at a time. The young girls check their cell phones behind the register and gossip.', "I'm anxious all the time. I can't sleep at night. Younger women have been hired and my hours are going to them. Once cleaning the bathroom there was a tampon on top of the garbage I found this offensive and when I told my co-worker I would not clean the bathroom if I continued to see that kind of thing she yelled at me she had her period she wrapped it well in paper towel and she was not apologizing.", "Regardless this job is over. Hard to find something in February.  Here's the thing, I read a lot of you say HR is a joke; maybe so but if the job is gone anyway why the hell should I walk away with my tail between my legs? I DID NOTHING WRONG. What? Show up on time? Work late hours? Dress well? I am going to call HR. I don't expect any real outcome except maybe if I stand up for myself I won't feel like such a victim! I have already gotten in contact with a lawyer who informed me to bring any action I need to document this first with HR. If anything I will give the manager a headache. I don't care.
I search hi and low almost everyday for answers, not for why people bully, but why when the person who can do something doesn't.", 'My story has played out in the media, TV, movies, as well as next door where least expected. Story of local and state agencies not living up to their motto. This agency is the Massachusetts Department of Children and Families, their Motto is "We\'re Strengthening Families" when in actuality they are tearing them apart, especially if you are black or of a minority race.', "Unskilled case workers making the decisions to remove children form the only home they've known, and it could be as simple as their struggling ways of living, does not meet the expectations of the unskilled case worker, or better yet. A young black lady gives birth at the local hospital, the attending nurse has an attitude and becomes very condescending in her interactions. A family member address the nurses attitude. After the young lady and her newborn baby is discharged from the hospital, the arrogant nurse contact the Department of Children and Families and files a vindictive complaint (51A). The young lady and her family are being harassed by the DCF.", 'Who can you really turn to for help? This agency has and continues to be one if not the biggest bullies in the state of Massachusetts. ', "The Governor's Office has been informed and fails to respond. I'm not sure if you are able to assist or lead me to a reliable source.", 'Can you please HELP!?', 'Thank you.
I was sitting in the cafeteria in the workplace when suddenly this guy started yelling at me. He and his other friends were also laughing at me. He also made inappropriate sexual comments in reference to sexual harassment. I found him to be verbally abusive while tuning him out completely. There was a coworker sitting with me at the table. She overheard his derogatory remarks while telling him to shut up. She asked him to repeat what he has just said to me. Her response was that is sick. This coworker was helpful and stuck up for me during this incident. I remember saying to her Thank You. The best strategy for me was to ignore him without giving him any kind of satisfaction. ', "I was in the lounge when this maintenance guy used to take his breaks. He was nasty and negative to me especially his tone of voice. He was quite insulting to me on a particular day. He said to me did you take your medication? You look fried. I went directly to the manager's office. The assistant did not believe my story. Therefore, I told him to go and ask the other employees who are already in the lounge. They did confirm what had just happened to me. The maintenance guy came over to me later on apologizing for his actions. I did not wish to talk to him ever again. The best strategy for me was reporting him for emotional abuse because I was able to discuss this situation.", 'I was in another lounge while retrieving my lunch from the refrigerator. I put my lunch down on the table when this male employee started making terrible comments about my personal appearance. My initial reaction was to block him out and not reply back. The lady who works as a manager at the front end told him off while being supportive. These employees were laughing at his statements. Needless to say, I refused to stay in the lounge during lunch because of these bullies. I left the lounge immediately. I was looking for a member of management to talk to but they were not in their offices. I went to eat lunch in my car during wintertime. The lady that spoke up on my behalf eventually told the managers what had transpired. The managers were in the lounge on a daily basis when it was lunchtime. I was glad to see that the managers were in the lounge while I was taking my scheduled lunch. ', 'My advice is to seek out a supervisor who empathizes with victims of bullying. They can also provide a sense of intervention between the perpetrator and the victim. The worst thing is to remain quiet while internalizing these events. You must receive help from a family member, coworker, and mental health counselor. There has to be open communication among these parties wishing to resolve the hurtful feelings and words that result in heartaches.
Maybe I'm just being paranoid but even now my head starts to pound.", 'It started a couple of months ago. I was looking for a job. okay..desperate for a job. almost 50..laid off for almost a year. A friend of a friend of a friend..you get the drift. introduced me to an independent marketing adviser.  ', "In hindsight; the red flags were there staring at me.at the 1st meeting held very informally.prospective boss proceeds to tell me about his last 5 assistants..all whom he had sacked because they created the problem not him. The rest of the interview was about him not his co. Even went as far as to say that he was a consummate liar and a person who preyed on the weaknesses of others. Yes I'm that dumb and desperate.  ", "Hoping against hope....I was naive enough to think it could work since I would be working from home thus communicating with him remotely. He said the job was mine but COULDN'T tell me when to start. It went on for a couple of months, again I'm dumb as I was the one emailing him all the time. The fact that he was hesitant to commit should have told me something. ", 'Not an excuse but finances running low; I was relieved when he agreed to commit after a 2nd meeting that took 5 hours of him talking about himself not about the company. Oh he also mentioned that I looked like a maid, my hair was all wrong and I had no hope of getting a husband; he also said he wouldnt be surprised if I jumped off a cliff. I NEEDED A JOB so I kept quiet.', " I kept telling him that if he was ever unhappy with my work; he should be direct with me. My 1st task given by him - to find him an office....found it and even got something within his budget..he came, he saw (with his mom), he said he doesn't need an office. Said he wanted to buy the apartment next to his and convert it to an office. Didn't happen as far I know. I was happy I got to work from home. ", 'First two weeks were okay. Then the mood swings started..inconsistency..he would tell me to do Task A.  Halfway completing task A; he would call me from GOD ALONE KNOWS WHERE on earth and ask me why I was doing task A and that he wanted task B to be done. For some reason he had a thing against women, He always referred to the women around him as bi@@@@. Always complaining of the people he met and how he would make sure they got into trouble at their workplace. Then came the appointments - when I fixed an appointment he would be ecstatic. I would remind him of the appointment the day before...his reaction would be : ', "i. cancel it ....I dont think I'm interested to go.  I dont want to waste my time. (these meetings involved VPs, GM etc)", 'ii.postponement - takes place 2 hours before the appointment.', 'iii. he was very abusive of the people he was about to meet - mainly women - referred to them as bi@@@@; how he was going to nail each and every one of them etc.', "There was even an incident whereby HE wanted to fix an appointment with the client himself but didn't and there was a whole mix-up where I of course got the blame. ", "Then the silent treatment - One day he called me out of the blue and asked me to meet him in 30 mins - I said I couldn't at that moment but could we make it later. Guess it was the wrong thing to say...he ignored me for 3 days...no calls, no instructions and never replied my emails. This of course happened many many times - every time I did not agree to something he wanted.  By this time, my pals, my family were screaming at me to get out.", 'I would prepare a list of things for him to attend to (with his permission); he would agree then not to do it.  I had to chase him for it. ', 'Anyways I stuck it out till the end of 1 month - everyone was telling me to throw in the towel. Even I could see I was heading for a disaster. ', 'On 31/12/15; he calls me up and tells me he needs to meet up with me to get a couple of docs done.  I said ok, I waited and waited and waited till 5pm; sent him a text no reply.  Sent him an email on whether or not I should proceed without him on other matters....no response at all. ', 'All was silent till 4/1 ....day of disaster......I got a call from him at 12.00 noon - my mistake - I didnt pick it up as I was in the supermarket...well you can imagine what happen..he kept his finger on my number - probably speed dial...8 missed calls....I guess I should have answered.  I knew he was ticked off so I hurriedly sent him a text saying I would call him back asap. BIG MISTAKE. Texted back that I should call him back immediately or else. ', 'I called him, he screamed bloody murder at me.....I was shaking, literally having a panic attack from this guy\'s poison. What spewed from his mouth .......I still shudder when I think of it.....".dont you ever tell me that you will call me back, I own you, you are nothing, you are nothing.....I can pay ten times what I\'m paying you and get the best, I picked you up....you are finished if I sack you.....you have nothing......you need me I dont need you......I\'ve been watching you....on and on he went." By the end of the day; I had a migraine, a swollen face and a racing heart. ', "I'm afraid I'm rather a peaceful person, one who doesn't like confrontations and ugly situations. I tried to tell him that if that's the way he felt about me....its ok I resign (by the way...I was never issued a contract or anything in black or white).  He never let me put in a word at all and hung up on me. So I sent him an email apologising for not picking up the phone as well as asking for clarification on certain statements he had said. He never replied.", "The next day his mom calls...that's right his mom!!!  Asking me if I wanted to work or not? If I wanted to work I would have to meet his Lordship in 3 days time to discuss matters'. I said its ok I'm just too shocked and I cant work for someone like that. By 7pm I received an email telling me I was sacked and already replaced. ", 'Squashing every desire to hurl insults at him; instead I told him that I had tried to tell him that I resigned before he hung up.  I also stated that I wished he had spoken up earlier about his unhappiness about the way I did things before every thing got ugly. Even wished him good tidings for the new year.  His reply - a sarcastic EXCELLENT!', "I know what everyone's saying - its my fault.I knew what he was like.but I truly hope what happened to me does not happen to anyone else. Its nearly a week and I still shudder from this man's verbal attack.  Fear, yes I am fearful of this man's poison and thirst for spitefulness/revenge.", 'Of course since then his mom has made sure all mutual acquaintances are aware that her son had to fire me. I am back where I started...unemployed with no hope and since we live in the same suburb..you can imagine the gossip.', 'I worked hard to prove myself to him. Sometimes emailing him reports at 2 and 3 am in the morning. I was so desperate to earn his respect and keep the job. ', 'Now, I feel empty lost rejected and humiliated.  I cant bring myself to leave my home or even get up to do anything. ', "If you've been through something like this.....I sure would appreciate ...."]
I am writing to relate an unpleasant incident of bullying that I experienced as an American Studies and English Literature student at University. A female lecturer made a number of cruel, malicious and calculating comments towards me, in an effort to satisfy, for whatever motive, her malice towards a young gay person.  I would describe the disparaging and unpleasant comments that she made about my sexuality as homophobic.', 'Beginning in one tutorial lesson, I was referred to as ‘nonce’ in front of a whole classroom of students. When I attempted to defend myself, the bullying increased.', 'During my final autumn term I had taken part in the Fresher’s mart and had been a member of the Gay and Lesbian society.  This had included personal safety alarms for women.  Our aim was to foster an enlightened attitude towards gay people. Unfortunately, the efforts to help students dealing with gay feelings were then effectively destroyed by the actions of this member of staff.', ' The tutor’s initial comments about me included that I ‘lacked confidence’ and that I ‘mumbled’ when I talk. During the same autumn term she attended a tutorial with part of her breasts exposed to students. She arranged for me to do a presentation for her Specialist subject, supplying key books, and handed me a tape with song titles where she had scribbled the words ‘John are you getting married?’ at the bottom of the list.', 'On giving the oral presentation she twisted a comment I made into a joke about small male private parts, with the aim of making me look silly in front of a whole classroom of students.  ', 'When, two weeks later, I apologised due to an absence caused by having to attend a family funeral, she remarked if it was an ‘important uncle’ who had died.', 'On entering her house where she had invited students for food, she waited until everybody had sat down and proceeded to launch into a series of nasty verbal attacks, designed to humiliate me in front of other students.', 'On talking about a famous star, Michael Jackson, whom I had mentioned in a previous tutorial, she made the following remarks:', '‘Man that can’t make it with a woman.’', 'She then made further comments about male to male sexual activities:', '‘Men m*****g   men.’  “AIDS”', 'During a psychoanalytic film theory and feminism course, another confidante of the ringleader used the oblique phrase ‘card-carrying member’ which I have since interpreted as offensive.', 'By the beginning of the following year, the lecturer elicited the help of a male colleague who called me a ‘wimp’ in front of a whole classroom of students.  She later ran in front of me, and smiled wordlessly as she headed into the ladies toilet.', ' I feel that the staff member was playing ‘psychological rape’ games. The harassment was in conjunction with dealing with insensitive bullying from some of the student populace. In the supposed ‘enlightened’ atmosphere of a University, her behaviour was reprehensible, and served only to undermine the personality and ambitions of a gay person.
As a new supervisor was being moved to my team a member of her old team warned me this woman would come after me.  She told me to watch everything I do as she will be hard on me.  I was then told 6 out of 7 men under her supervision went off on stress leave as she made it impossible for them to do their jobs.', 'I was 13 years into this job protecting children at risk and was easily one of the most creative, professional workers they had.  I was the go to guy for difficult families and in 13 years had never had issue with anyone.  Then it started I showed up to work one day expecting my car rental as I had to drive 5 hours to complete a ministry standard. I was told I could not go and needed to learn how to adapt and prioritize.  Even when I proved the ministry who guides our work has standards and this was one of them she would not permit me to go.', "She then sent me to meet another youth when he had another worker already with him and a staff from his home so now three staff at 27 an hour and this kid didn't even know who I was.  Later in a meeting she tried to force me to release someone who was a major risk to the safety of your children and I refused on moral grounds and the fact I was a child protection worker.", "Suddenly everything I did was wrong and after 13 years of being the chosen one she was trying to tell me I wasn't suitable for the job.  I moved dept as my reports to manage my went unheard:  while in my new position this lady began lying to my new supervisor saying I wasn't doing the things I was supposed to and was shopping during work.", "Turns out the day she said she saw me I was with a union rep the whole day.  Still management stated they didn't see any issue with her behaviour.  An investigation was ordered as I pushed the issue.  The person assigned was himself being talked to by another manager about his harassment of another person so after a whole year they had not finished the investigation.  In fact they never did and didn't interview the people who were witnesses to this woman's tirades.  And one witness they fired and stated that they couldn't interview her now.", 'I know what all the people told the investigating manager but in the end they shared no one agreed with me.  Those interviewed were outraged.  More disgusting was the other staff who played both sides of the issue and go figure used it to launch themselves into better roles basically leaving me hanging.', 'The union had over 20 complaints about this lady, even from other agencies around town as she is such a nasty person who feels the sun rises and sets because of her.  So I took a leave like the others before me and every doc I saw, set up by my insurance company who wanted to send me back to work,  knew of this woman and refused to let me go back eventually sending my employer conditions they could not accommodate nor did they want to.', 'So this woman would not let me do my job, lied to my other supervisor and refused to discuss, would not let me follow the standards in child welfare, and the ED seemed ok with her direction to put a sex offender out on the streets so he would reoffend and police would then deal with him and save us money.', 'Now I make a fraction of what I used to, am starting all over again, and this woman and her thick as thieves management group continue to put your community at risk as she make close to 100,000 putting your children at risk.', "I'm no longer myself, not sure I'll ever be again.  The anger eats at me as I know what right and wrong is and these people have now made it so that it was all my fault, I was a hot head who could not follow direction.  13 years, 7 supervisors, only ever had one issue ... Her.  This is your tax dollars at work.", "It sickens me that her friends were tasked to do the investigation, a guy himself doing the same thing to others and currently under investigation himself.  This woman did things that were planned and calculated and she knew she would never be held accountable.  We need to have an organization who is responsible for investigating reports of harassment. Imagine a world where we ask criminals to investigate their friend who is also a criminal. What outcome do you think you'll get?", "I'm not done with this lady or her boss. I will devote my life to educating others and at some point our paths will cross again and I know she will not be able to make eye contact as she is a coward and a loser."]
Continued from ', '...', 'Custos left from the party around 23. I escorted him to the door for hand shaking. His facial expression was shocked and disrespectful. Hand was so sluggish that it was difficult to shake.', 'Next time I saw my Custos was two days after the defense. When I arrived his room, his face turned red and his face show disgust. We had a very short conversation, since he was hardly able to speak anything.', 'When the supervisor discussed with other people about my work, he appeared to unilaterally focus on its negative aspects such as the thesis being late.', 'About 5 weeks after the defense, a laboratory engineer, who had a long experience about salaries, called me. She was angry and depressed. She had tried to raise my last salary due to me to become a doctor, as was the common practice of the laboratory. My supervisor had, however, refused to do so. The meaning came clear. No thanks in the end.', ' ', 'After the defense I had meet the retired professor and another one of the pre-reviewers. They had started to behave in a peculiar way (avoiding eye contacts etc.).', 'The behavior of my supervisor is characteristic for workplace bullying /1-4/. The question is not about a bad day or a bad week, but a persistent "pattern" of mistreatment. The bullying was “subtle”, which is typical for academic environment.', 'The timing of bullying was worst possible. After all, I had just recovered from the depression caused by the rejected articles. PhD ceremony happens only once in a life and an identity of doctor is a life-long one. Custos has an important ceremonial role. Pride of the thesis, if successfully defended, is part of academic culture. One may compare the situation to weddings, where the priest bullies the bride and bridegroom. ', 'After the defense I suffered sleeping disorders and flashbacks several months. I was not able to read my PhD thesis for many years. In post-doctoral parties I feel myself uncomfortable near the number one table, where the Custos and Opponent sit. My symptoms are typical for chronic posttraumatic stress disorder, a common consequence of bullying /1-3/.', 'Later, the supervisor has explained his behavior by accusing me of hard stress caused by the thesis delay, although he had promised my graduation for the head of department by the end of the year. The timetable had, however, become very challenging due to the supervisor himself. When we finalized our last article, he prohibited in sending it to the editor prior his comments. We waited the comments several weeks. Nothing happened. Finally, the retired professor decided to send it without supervisor’s permission, since defense timetable would otherwise collapse. The pre-reviewer was late, because of waiting the final version of the article. ', 'Soon after my PhD defense, I left the university. The laboratory had a long tradition in our research field, so I had took care about its continuation. I guided one master´s thesis maker and purchased one project related to the topic. The supervisor hired the same student for the project, whose results he had earlier abandoned.', 'We had had good experiences about utilizing master´s thesis in scientific articles. I, therefore, made a scientifically ambitious plan together with our financier for the thesis worker. The supervisor rejected the plan. He also discouraged us in making any scientific articles.', 'The licentiate student made her research without any instruction a long time. This naturally hindered her studies. Finally, she asked help from the project partners and from the retired professor. With the aid of them she wrote two good scientific articles. The project partners planned to carry on the studies and purchase more financing. The supervisor told, however, that he was not interested to continue. The laboratory even withdraw from the project prior its ending. The licentiate’s thesis was finalized as unemployed. The loss of supervisor’s interest was surprising, since he had originally been enthusiastic about the topic and had encouraged us for cooperation. ', 'Later, the research branch of ours again gathered plenty of scientific and financial interest. Meanwhile the big projects at the laboratory ended causing lack of finance. At this situation it would had been a wise idea to focus the research on our field again (the researchers in close contact with the laboratory had been hoped so). Once terminated, the research branch was difficult to revive. Valuable contacts and know-how had been lost.', 'Two out of three postgraduate students in our research group and the retired professor suffered from supervising that had altered unsupportive for academic work. Research cooperation had become difficult. The postgraduate studies were ceased, which was also a financial problem, since the budget money was allocated by means of completed thesis. My PhD defense was a small-scale scandal.', 'The roots of the problems are in the change of generation in supervising. This is a common source of tensions in academy. A retired professor, the actual supervisor, continues studies, while the new supervisor holds the power. I suggest that our problems would have been avoided, if the power and guidance were concentrated on the hands of the retired professor. He had originally hoped more power relating to our research. Example could have been taken from those universities, who offer official positions (such as a research director) for the retired professors instead of consult agreements. The positions include possibilities to independently decide about the research plans of the students, the use of financing, thesis timetables etc. The official position is usually decided at the upper level of the university organization and not by one supervisor alone. With a clear position, the retired professor could have been motivated to continue the studies after our graduation.', 'I also note that I was ordered to cede my thesis for pre-reviewing, although the retired professor with experience on tens of PhD theses warned that it would be unwise. Do these kind of orders violate the rights of students? According to the rules of our university, PhD candidate decides his thesis timetable. Budget estimations should not control the graduation timetables, since unexpected drawbacks may always happen.', 'I would also like to question, whether it is wise to close down research branches in the middle of successful studies. I have been familiarized myself to three such cases and in all of them, the ending of studies has been regretted afterwards. ', 'Finally, I manifest that it is important for researchers to freely implement their ideas. Certainly, co-operation with companies limit the freedom in making science. Anyhow, the limitations should be as minimal as possible. Good ideas are rare and difficult to replace. Research synergy is difficult to build, if the research partners are seen as potential competitors. ', '1. Peyton P.R., Dignity at Work, Eliminate Bullying and Create a Positive Working Environment, Brunner-Routledge, 2003.', '2. Rayner, C., Hoel, H., Cooper, C.L., Workplace Bullying, Taylor & Francis, 2002.', '3. ', '4. ', '
', 'A supervisor was retired in a small research group. The retired professor continued to guide the postgraduate studies under the power of the new supervisor. After some years, the supervising altered more and more unsupportive for academic work. This delayed the studies and made the cooperation with research partners difficult. The supervisor forbade the retired professor to have relations with companies, which limited his possibilities to guide students and purchase financing.', 'I was workplace bullied during my PhD defense. In order to avoid such problems, I suggest that the power of the retired professor, the actual supervisor, should be expanded. I also highlight the importance of academic freedom for successful studies.', 'I made my PhD thesis together with another PhD student and a licentiate student. A retired professor guided our work. Our new supervisor was an old postgraduate student of the retired professor. His participation to our projects was only partial and mainly focused on personal management. As a consequence, the retired professor and I led our small group and purchased the financing for the studies. The supervisor had made a consult agreement with the retired professor for advice and handling of the projects. ', 'This way of organizing the studies was successful in the beginning. The group made progress and spent plenty of time in creating new research contacts as our main financier had wished. Also the supervisor was enthusiastic and interested about our work. He helped us in modernizing the laboratory instrumentation. ', 'The new supervisor had managed to gather plenty of project financing. It appeared that he started to see our co-operation as a threat for his own studies. Providing samples to our partners was limited. When I asked, why he did not allow to purchase samples to our partners, while similar samples were provided to other partners, he answered that our partners were “not buddies of his”. He also explained that this was a way to prevent research competition. ', 'One of our partner groups was in a big trouble, since they had not produced any meaningful results for over two years. The students asked my help. I understood the difficult situation and made a plan that had a good synergy for my studies and would have produced the needed results quickly. A very conventional sample was required for the experiments. The supervisor forbade purchasing it. We, therefore, had to abandon the plan and made another with much higher risks. The risks of the new plan realized and the partner group remained without any results. The postgraduate studies of the partner group cancelled and the group members suffered mental injuries caused by unsuccessful research. ', 'Although we had collected substantial amount of financing, the supervisor was reluctant to cover the expenses (like travelling costs) of the retired professor. While my colleague from our group was finalizing his PhD, the supervisor accused the retired professor of “information leakage”. He had shown my colleagues PhD plan to an international research partner. The supervisor ended his consult agreement and told me that the retired professor was not allowed to have contacts with companies. The decision was poorly justified. After all, the retired professor had 40 years’ experience in handling company relations. The plan was already nearly 100 % public and the rest were to be published within months. Discussing about it was in line with the long-range policy agreed with the companies. Naturally, the retired professor was shocked of, de facto, being kicked out from the laboratory by his own student. The decision made our guidance and possibilities to purchase funding difficult. Ever since, the retired professor concentrated to make science in another laboratory in another country.', 'The supervisors’ incomplete presence affected his competence to evaluate the studies. A big project ended after three years. The supervisor thought that the project had been lousy and decided to dumb the results to a wastebasket. In the opinion of mine, an international evaluator of the project and the other professors, the results were, however, rather good and thus being a suitable for a licentiate´s thesis. The licentiate student had to start her studies from the very beginning. ', 'The PhD defense and post-doctoral party was very important for me. After all, I was to become a doctor in second generation. During my studies I witnessed several solemn post-doctoral parties. I was very impressed about the extreme pride of the Custos, when they told about the brand new thesis and doctors. The university guidelines emphasize the nature of the post-doctoral party as “coronation”.', 'My PhD manuscript was a few months late due to the difficulties in writing articles from my scattered results. In addition, two of my last articles were rejected in the beginning of September. Because of the unexpected drawbacks the retired professor recommended adjourning the defense to the next year. The head of department denied, however, this from budget reasons. Thus, I was forced to send a rather unfinished thesis for pre-reviewing.', 'The supervisor reacted to the problems partly in an abusive manner. In a private meeting he laughed to me derisively about the timetable of the thesis. ', 'In the beginning of November, the supervisor decided that my defense date would be in the middle of December. The thesis would be accepted in an extra meeting by the head of department, since the last conventional meeting would be few days before.', 'In order to complete my studies, I needed to write a report from my last experiments. The supervisor called and asked about it. I answered that I would first make the corrections proposed by my pre-reviewers to the thesis and then finalize the report. ', 'Something was wrong in my answer. The supervisor started to bemoan loudly. The phone conversation was impossible to continue. Next day he sent me an e-mail informing that all my studies were accepted. ', 'Three days later the supervisor called again. He told with an impolite voice that arranging an extra meeting with the head of the department would be "artificial". Thus, the defense would be arranged 5 days earlier than already agreed. No apologies were presented. My wife became angry, since this surprise move messed up the efforts to find the place for the post-doctoral party. Only two weeks was left to find a new place for the party and to invite guests to the new place. I had already informed my relatives about the defense date. It was only good luck that no one needed to retract airplane tickets. Arranging an extra meeting would certainly not had caused any trouble for the head of the department, who was aware about the late timetable. ', 'PhD thesis to be defended must be public 10 days before the defense; I had put the thesis on press roughly 14 days prior it.', 'One (!) day before the compulsory dead-line my supervisor called. He shouted to the phone to take the manuscript out of press in the middle of printing. The reason was the minimal corrections (few typographical errors etc.) that had arrived to my last article. Demanding these corrections was not accordance with the practices of the university. It is enough that the article has a permission to be published. The press became upset. I made the small corrections and send the thesis again to the pressing queue. My PhD ceremony was not far from cancellation due to the episode.', 'My big day dawned. I defended my thesis successfully.  Also Opponent was satisfied. My family, wife, doctor-father, who paid the post-doctoral party and the workplace were witnessing. Despite of the tight timetable, my wife had managed to book an elegant place for traditional post-doctoral party.', '  ', 'The supervisor (Custos) tried to hide his antipathies during the ceremony. He made, anyhow, several sarcastic comments about me such as: "Jee, is he really going to follow the rules" (the procedure of dissertation was discussed together with Opponent). He also carefully avoided saying anything positive about my thesis and presented only negative critics. This was in contrast with his earlier views that had been very favorable for the thesis. Custos became angry, when I mentioned about the corrections made. ln his speech at the post-doctoral party Custos brought up positive aspects, such as my capability to supply money to the laboratory, but what it came to the thesis itself, he quoted and paralleled the words of the head of the department (apparently, he was not willing to say anything positive from his side personally). The speech included a sarcastic remark about the work timetable.', 'During the post-doctoral party, while the supervisor was not around, the retired professor recommended me to change workplace into another laboratory. ', '
I will not waste your time. I am engaged with Government bullying and workplace favoritism. Why are there no groups or organizations to aide us...???
Hi, I have been bullied in most of my jobs for over 20 years, at age 42 now and am ashamed of myself.', 'For years I have suffered social anxiety and depression which makes it difficult because I think people actually hone in on this and want to bully you and be rude to you.', "I know that a lot of my problem is that I'm unassertive but it is very hard to change who you are.  I left my last job at a local hospital due to being overworked and made to feel small by a colleague who I'm sorry to say I was scared of as she was a know it all and had been there years.", "So now I'm back unemployed on ESA and scared to get another job as it will probably happen again.", "I have had CBT, counselling, etc. It works for a little while then all my old ways come back as I'm too scared to change.  I don't know what to do next. I'm scared of people and feel that they are judging me all the time."]
I started to work with this woman who appeared nice on the outside but was a rotten apple on the inside! She was a supervisor and totally obsessed with the boss who was much older than us.', 'She invited us to go out (there were three of us in the place) and then told us all the secrets of the boss and his family. She knew him for many years, and also worked with him for many years. She had a low self esteem and told me about her sisters and family and how they give her such a hard time! All I did was listen and provide some feedback, I called her pretty and told her she should not worry about sisters etc.', 'After few years of working with her, she turned on me and told our boss I did not listen, and got something wrong. I believe she did not tell me about the stuff she was supposed to, but he believed her. He called me a liar and she was just sitting there with her head down, no doubt enjoying this!', 'I felt so bad I left this place on the same day. I kept in touch with the other girl, but now I just try to get some peace, and not look back. I hope the boss retires soon, he is older, and the backstabber will be forced to look for another position, maybe they will do to her what she did with me.', 'I have forgiven the boss, because he is older, and totally brainwashed by the bitch. I wish the other girl luck, but she only worked there part time and has another job, so she is going to be ok, just going to her other job.', "I am so at peace now, like you wouldn't believe! I think having poor self esteem makes them such bitches, but in future we must make sure to have some other people in our lives, like family, or other friends from another place. I am glad it is over, and when I looked for work, I did not even type the name of the suburb where I worked.", "I found one close to me and thank God I don't have to go to the other side of town anymore. People are beautiful around here, and my new job makes me happy!", 'When you see people who are way too friendly at the start BEWARE! It is usually too good to be true!']
JOY AND PEACE!! JOY; by dictionary definition is: great pleasure and happiness. ', "I have been ousted from a few places of employ after MANY years of service first. 6.5 years, 4.5 years, 2 years and 9 months. They in charge have no real reason to give, it comes after the repeated emotion pinching by 'one' in a department. Especially when I am 'the worker' and there are 2 with the 'titles' aka administration. Dare I speak 'a word' at any point... It would have been 'the end' sooner than the lengths of time it did go to. But years working matters not; not in this new 'secular' culture of moral subjectivity and moral relativism. i.e.: no authentic rules; all rules subject to interpretation of 'the moment' by 'the person' as a situation will benefit 'they who are with the authority title' ", "My JOY is that ...while they ousted me quite a few years ago; I couldn't move on because justice was not just. I've recently been working freelance; a few little jobs where I can JUST WORK. And there is my joy...back. I just want to work, be of help, without the 'rat race' office politics of micro managers who need to feel their power by wagging their 'authoritarian' finger in my face (without any cause) The work environments of liberals (aka immature) who do not want 'rules' it would mean they must live by a 'code of standard behavior' that 'they know not' / if everything 'hangs loose' they who sport the title can keep everyone off balance (til they figure out what it is they really believe... and since they don't believe much of what good is; be assured; working with liberals... you will always be told something different day to day.) This uncertainty day in and day out for 17 years of 30 (since the 90s) wears a soul down. STABILITY is Godly. FLIP FLOPPING with every new idea, gimmick, wave of what's 'in' is... Secular. STABILITY helps everyone. Stable leaders live by standards. (AND are more 'free' than the liberals who let anything go (tolerate tolerate)... letting anything 'be'... they get nowhere. (they don't learn, they don't listen to others, they are arrogant, they are pushy (part of their personality they grew) They see their pushy ways as LEADERSHIP to those WEAK (not meek) WEAK slow pokes who take their time ...COME ON COME ON... get it DONE... NOW!!!! I WANT IT NOW!!! (no listening to the one who is doing and what has to be done to do something; just GET IT DONE... OR ELSE... then they threaten loss of a job) ", "Face it folks... a quiet person has to use their intellect at all times in dealing with certain persons. If we must work with such, if they do sport a title... STAY AS FAR from them as possible. Answer ONLY when they ask. If they yell... take it all with a grain of salt. THEY are not filled with JOY or PEACE... they are anxiety ridden, by their own ways of feeling they must put forth a certain persona to 'remain in control' FOR THEMSELVES. (ie: they don't trust God) When they scream in your face... show absolutely no emotion. Do what they want because they are in charge; take their ways 'from whence it comes' (they are IGNORANT... even if they have a college degree) Nothing ... I mean NOTHING... will ever please them... do not try. Keep your own goals in life 'to yourself' ... ENDURE this one and PRAY for this one... BUT don't don't don't take ANYTHING they rant ... with any personal affront. IT is not you.", "And someday; for just 'being' out there... someday; you will be given the chance to JUST WORK quietly... freelance or one to one in a small business, or own your own business. and YOUR JOY will BE THERE TOO. For having ENDURED AND PRAYED FOR and TRUSTED 'this other side of life' TO GOD'S CARE. (you prayed for them) If they do hear... GREAT if not... KEEP ON GOING... FEEL THE JOY of DOING IT 'AS WE SHOULD DO IT'", "To those who understand all this ... it is by THE SPIRIT OF LIFE and to those who don't understand; don't worry about it. The faithful will be praying for you.", 'AMEN']
I am highly skilled and have a strong work ethic.  I accepted a job and was promised it was a friendly environment.  Instead it was catty and cutthroat.', 'A colleague who found me to be a threat due to my experience and expertise began to undermine, demean and bully me every chance she got.  In fact, others noticed it and told management.  I also formally notified management and HR but nothing was done.', 'To my shock, excuses for made for the bully and she was promoted. I ultimately quit my job because my health was deteriorating and I cried on a daily basis.', 'I am free from further insult but now jobless so the bully won by putting me in financial straits. ', "It's appalling this goes on.  As a kid I witnessed others being bullied and was the type to stand up for them.", 'We need laws to make bullying illegal.  Nobody should suffer through this.  It breaks my heart when I read about kids being bullied and I am going to see what I can do in my community to help.']
It started about 6 years ago. I work with one of the biggest retail stores in the world with an excellent reputation.', "I was hired as a manager for a dept. In my first year it was going good that they gave me a raise twice, they were impressed with my work dedication and my accomplishments. I work with ranks of management higher then me. The middle management quit a few came but left then we finally got one didn't know much about the dept's but we try to teach him.", 'He was being a little hard on me but I was holding my end and trying to learn more and please him. One day I got a call from the doctor in my dept and my middle manager was there, doctor wanted to see me and I said I didn\'t have time but would book an appointment when time was right, the nurse told me I had no time, in my blood work they found cancer cells and they needed to see me now. My boss beside me look at me, I was in shock and told him what the nurse said, I might have cancer, he then turn and said "your not going to start taking time off". I said I didn\'t know and no I wasn\'t. ', 'Within that week, my boss started to tell me I should step down I have to much on my plate. I told him we didn\'t even know the stage or anything yet. But I wasn\'t stepping down. Every day he come at me asking me to step down, he was even there on his day off. I didn\'t know what to do, so I went to the director and told him, in reply he said "it\'s not a daycare here" and to fix my problem.', "It got worse every day, I was starting to have problem breathing when he talk to me, I didn't know what was going on. Then I started to cry (just like that) he kept telling me to step down, but I wouldn't. I wasn't sleeping much anymore, but I know I was afraid but I didn't know of what. ", 'This when on for days, weeks months. Until one day he said to me if I got one thing wrong on my inventory I would be looking to work at McDonald. There was nothing I could do. I step down and my doctor pulled me out before the surgery for stress. ', "With my time off and waiting for surgery, I wrote an email to the CEO, he then return my email to our office, they made an investigation within the dept with my manager present. My employees were afraid one said he add two kids in University he paying for along with a mortgage and couldn't afford to lose his job, they were told not to talk to me and I was told to stay away from them. ", "With all this time I kept pushing my surgery to fight with this, the doctor advice me if I didn't get this surgery I had 6 month to 18 months to live within a few weeks I had the surgery. Within a few weeks of returning home from the hospital I started to write again to the company head office telling them this was not right. They in return, told me with their investigation nothing was found and just a miss understanding between my boss and me, and my employees said nothing ever happened. I was puzzled.", 'So then my doctor told me what they did was illegal, I then told them. In return they asked me what I wanted I said I wanted my job back but at a different building. ', "After a year and a half, I return to work. I was scared still not sure why. I was giving back my pay and gave me same task but as in manager in training didn't get my full title back, but I gather they were allowed to do this. ", "Under new management,I return to work, I was healing great, mentally. But couldn't forget what happen not knowing why, this happen. Within three months of my return back to work this new management got promoted and my old boss came here. It started gently. After the new management was fully gone and my old manager was here I was alone with him, and it began again. This time I when straight to the head office told them what was happening, I was told I should reconsider every thing I've been through to step down, my life would be easier he said, I said no, I like my job,  he then said I am getting old, I should take an easier job, again I looked puzzled and said I would think about it. Weeks went by and my manager asked me if I made a decision, I was confuse about, about me stepping down because I am getting old. Wow… I said no.", "In the two years to follow, I got shingles (in summer) that was odd the doctor said, doctor said I must be under stress. It continue, I was accuse of being a liar, I was scream at (coming out of the office, other manager would said holy sh@t) they could hear it and couldn't believe it, they would swear after me, accuse me, even something as a Christmas party he invited all manager but me (that OK) but I was push aside, he didn't want me in the office to do my work he yell at me to get out, so I was having problems learning and doing my jobs.", "He stop other levels of managers to stop talking to me, they were uncomfortable to be around me, they told me. One manager gave me a key once and told me to do not go to the office use this key and use the back office so he won't see me. By then I was getting in bad shape.", 'It was my week before I was going on holiday and I have been having chest pain for a long time now, but these ones were different when I breath it would hurt. So on Friday before my vacation, I was debating of going in I was not well, figuring it was my last day for a week I go set things in my dept.', "He called me in the office, and there was two high manager screaming, yelling at me pounding the chair, they want me to sign a written paper because one of my employees climb and he wasn't suppose to, but I told him I wasn't there, he kept calling me a liar, he told me every one laughing at me at the head office, I was a joke, but I never sign it, this went on for at least over an hour and if I try to talk he said he write me up for subornation, I stop talking. ", 'About 15 minute after I walk out of the office I was then having severe chest pain. I asked him if I could leave he said no, he said I was a coward and if I left it would be abandoning my post. So I called my husband he came and got me.', "I did go to the hospital and I was diagnose with Pneumonia in July Then I got stone in kidney needed another operations. I called head office and told them what happen, well he said I wasn't going to be fired cause I had papers from the doctor I was gone for 3 weeks. I return and he started again the yelling, the swearing so I went to the doctor and she pull me out on stress leave and I saw a  psychiatrist for a year and a half.", "I then return to work again when he left. Again all was good and within 3 months or so the old manager came back, I told the director I cannot work with him, he said I had to figure it out. I told the director I don't know how, because he rape my mind, he said that harsh, but to me that was the truth.", 'So now with this other boss, I know it continues they put me in a position that it about impossible for me to accomplish my work, I need to work about 16 hrs a day if not 7 days a week to accomplish it. They are labeling me to my employees saying I am not organize and more.', "Lawyers are expensive and we are not protected enough against workplace bullying, and even more when lawyers find out who I work for some won't even touch me, but do say I have a case. So I know now, no one can do anything for me . There a manager once told me the job would get the better of me, and now I believe this, this job will kill me.", 'I am not leaving I am over 50 years of age been there for only 10 years and I cannot get another job that would pay this wage. So if I die with insurance that would cover the mortgage on my house that been in the family for over 188 years or if I leave for another job and lose my family home of 188 years because I had to do bankrupt.', 'I guess I know what I am willing to sacrifice to keeps what right. There a lot more they did, but I just gave the basic.']
I work for an institution that has tried to show it\'s employees "They Are Above The Law". And while (In my case at least). It is not the institution itself that thinks they are above the law. But the so-called managers, supervisors and union representatives where I work that think they are.In the 18+ years I have worked there I was told that I had to:', '1. Punch time cards in and out for senior drivers and employees who were not present.', '2. Intentionally work slow and stay longer at stops to accumulate overtime.', '3. Drive unsafe equipment on public roads.', '4. Take drug and alcohol tests more often then other drivers that work there (Because I DO NOT get high on drugs, drink or get drunk on alcohol) and if they were selected to be tested they would fail.', '5. Be subjected to very nasty racial slurs i / e N----R, S---K, C---K and so forth.', 'When I Follow the rules and when questioned by authorities told the truth and not lie about what I seen or herd.', 'These so-called managers, supervisors and union representatives  along with the drivers and employees in "The Clique" Gave me EVERY type of harassment, threat and intimidation—mental, emotional and physical. From telling me I was ruining the job and making them look bad to attempting to run me over with a tractor trailer (Big mistake on their part) to one of their GOON, TOADY, WANT TO BE THUG FAKE TOUGH GUYS actually attacking me getting himself hurt in the process. And getting me put on suspension for the past 2 years.', 'I am a disabled Veteran. The institution I work for gives me 10 Points for this. As well as the 4+ years I served in the U. S. Navy (2 deployments during Desert Shield/Desert Storm VOLUNTARY) Giving me 22+ years of government service.', 'Where I work these so-called managers, supervisors and union representatives HATE fellow disabled Veterans like me. Because it is very difficult to get us fired or do these things to us without having to answer for it. I have stood up to these people (after doing everything humanly possible to avoid them) and when I did they told people I was crazy, stupid, a rat, a whistle blower. And to stay away from me because I was dangerous to myself and my coworkers. Because I do not believe I will be dealt fairly.', 'I have been in touch with two investigative reporters WPIX 11 New York Help Me Howard helpme@wpix11.com (212)-210-2490 and News 12 New Jersey Walt Kane. Facebook: Kane In Your Corner  (732)-738-5263. NOW IS YOUR CHANCE. Call these reporters voice mail, tell your stories about the people that are bullying you on their e-mail and Facebook accounts where ever you are where ever you work.', 'Maybe if these foul things get out in the open someone will do something to stop them. Good Luck and GODS SPEED     C.
I work for a company on a government building. One night I was in on overtime (escorting sub-contractors) on another building, when I went into the workshop I was approached by a colleague in a very abrupt manner, and forced to sit in a chair.', 'Then one of the other engineers started on me about taking holiday time off on my 4 days shift instead of on my 4 nights as they lost out on the overtime as my time off was covered by one of the day shift engineers who got 3 hours overtime each of the 4 days. Also another engineer complained that they lost out on 5 days overtime as in my contract I only get 20 days holiday/annum and they get 25 days. ', 'The third person who was very abrupt in the first instance behaved in a very aggressive manner. This was reported to management as a grievance. A formal HR investigation was carried out, and no disciplinary was action was taken against of the three culprits. Two of the culprits got off scot free and the third one was spoken to, two of them are now giving me the silent treatment. One of them is making it very unpleasant atmosphere when I am on site at the same time as him during a shift handover.']
I am the I/T (Computer) Coordinator at my work. My former boss retired leaving me the only strictly computer employee at my office. The company execs, who became my supervisors, we very computer illiterate. Since, they were unable to "boss" me, they assigned me four bosses, with much less computer skill than I. All this was done without my knowledge. These "bosses" quickly became very hateful towards me and began to lie and mis-represent about me to the top bosses. To make matters worse, this company is gradually going out of business, so they have been slowly laying people off. So everyone is fearful of losing their jobs. Therefore, people trying to get other people fired is a reality.', 'There have been numerous episodes that have occurred, that I was wrongfully made the villain. At the same time, because of this, I began to develop a very bad work record, all based on the lies and misrepresentations that I have mentioned. Therefore, it has become very difficult for me to find another job. Not to mention that most of the things I do, it would be difficult to find someone else to do. I have been up for job after job, in which my employer gave me a bad reference and I did not get. So I am stuck in my situation. ', 'This is a very stressful situation for me and has gone on for years. I have reached the point that I am angry all the time and it has severely affected my family and friendship. Likely, I cannot sue, because my work has more money to fight me than I do them and they can get people, who fear for their jobs to testify for them. Also, I have been turned down by several lawyers. They are ruining me! Every other attempt I have made has backfired miserably.', 'I do not want to give my name or address because if my employers find out about this somehow they will undoubtedly retaliate against me, as they have in the past.', 'Somebody please help me!!']
I'm a romantic. Bullying made me question how other people perceive me. A strict family, a musician's sensitivity, a charismatic religion, uncertain future and confusing (anti?)social interactions got me upset for a long time, to say the least.", "I cannot comprehend for the life of me how a sincere civilization could be so helpless concerning such agonizing human emotions. I fear for a religious zealot's reputation, dishonest social interaction, I dislike thinking about the future, offensive feedback haunts my mind, fear threatens to cloud my mind...", 'What is a normal affinity for a sense of security? Is romance just a legend? How come so few familiarize to this, as if I was the first romantic in the history of human kind?
I've used this web site many years ago. It helped me express myself and be heard. My story is one of success, but not without it's ill effects. I managed to stay in my work place and it was the bully that left. Since then, a few more bullies have surfaced and a few more have gone.", 'In my experience the process (of removal) takes a long time. I do believe that all sides have to be considered, seriously, all voices heard. Evidence is key. Witnesses seal the deal, but be careful not to over step boundaries, as you then can become the bully.', "I believe some of this behaviour can be fixed at an early stage. I also believe that management is ill equipped to handle these things. They are mostly regular people like ourselves with other duties and when conflict falls in their lap they really don't know how to handle it.", "I've seen them pick sides right from the start because of favouritism. I've seen them decide that such things are a personality conflict, leaving things to get worst. I've seen them do nothing.", 'The problem is that people who take on the role of keeping the work place a safe environment really need to know their staff. They also need to learn about the types of bullies out there. They need to learn how to listen. They need to be less opinionated. They need to be more sensitive.', "This is a very serious matter. I only see things getting worst. It's everywhere you go! You see it in retail stores, the coffee shop, schools, hospitals, everyone everywhere, fighting. Perhaps we are taking are stresses and problems to work? Perhaps that is just the way of the world now?", "I do know it's exhausting. I know the mental, physical and financial side effects of bullying. It's horrible.", "At some point, when things got better, I was able to look at things differently. Perhaps because I was exhausted! I don't get involved as much any more. I try not to let things get to me. I tell myself, it's work, it's a pay check not my life. My LIFE begins at home and I learnt not to share that at work. It's too precious. Try to focus on something else. Get a hobby, start running, join a club, do something where other people are happy, enjoying themselves. Stay clear of grumpy nasty people, RUN the other way.", "A therapist once told me to look at it this way, 'you are a house, you only have so many rooms in your house. Your house already has (for example) a wife who occupies one of the rooms, two kids who'll take two more rooms, and so on. Why are you letting the bully into your house? Kick that person to the curb, they have no business in your house.'", 'I wish anyone going through bullying peace and comfort.']
I have an extremely large co-worker. He is very intimidating. Though he only started working at my employment a few weeks ago, he has already begun to inspire terror and dread in me.', 'It started with my co-worker out of the blue yelling at me. The boss had stepped out and my co-worker wanted me to do his job for him. I had my own to do so I continued on. The building was packed with customers and he shouted at me in front of every one. He called me vulgar names and told me to get over there and do his job since I "wasn\'t doing anything"', 'He then proceeded to tell the other co-workers to watch me because I could not be trusted. He said I was stealing tips. He began to gossip about me to them.', 'I approached my boss about it. He made it clear he could not care less. In fact, the way he responded made me feel like he was blaming ME! (He said, YOU need to learn to get along with him. Tell him to stop being aggressive)', 'I told the boss that I was not comfortable working alone with him, to this my boss yelled at me. Told me we were all grown ups and again... YOU need to learn to get along with him.', 'The next time we worked together (no boss again), he did the same thing. This time calling me even more vulgar names, even louder. He has stepped it up. The customers seemed very bothered and it was clear they were now unhappy. Someone even Yelped about it.', 'I demanded that he cease yelling at me, and to stop with the obscenities (The "C" word!) To this he responded by yelling at me that he would indeed continue speaking to me anyway he wanted.', 'He followed it up by yelling at me in the back as well when I tried to step outside. I told him I did not need to hear it and went outside.', 'Later I found that HE had stolen all our tips from the communal tip jar. There was only one other person working and they stay in the back. I wanted to review the camera footage but in my distress could not recall the password.', 'I am a keyholder, I have no title but I do have the responsibilities. ', "Since the boss has already made it clear that he does not care, I do not know what to do. I went on an interview for another company but it doesn't move fast enough! I don't know what to do. His large size, pure hatred and anger for who knows what had me very fearful and I dread going to work. I do not want to go. I am sure that is what he wants but I do not need or deserve this."]
It's been years since I have used this site to get me through a difficult time. I'm happy to tell you that I survived my bullying experience, but not without its ill effects.", 'I am unhappy to tell you that it still continues. I have seen a few more bullies get fired since, which made me think that the company did learn from past experience, but it took a really long, long, time to do this and because (in my opinion) the bullies were now, more importantly to management, starting to make their life more difficult, so bye bye bullies.', "The latest, as I watch it unfold (from a distance) is two bullies going after each other. Interesting. A 'wanna be', and the other, too new to put a title on. I see no victim. Like watching equals fighting, each with their own objectives and motives. One will come out victorious, which will only empower them. It's frightening, like watching an evil villain character, like on superman, growing larger and more evil with the more power they gain!", "Being, once a victim, and at times an observer, I can see both sides of the fence. As an observer, it can look like a personality conflict, bad manners or just plain out bullying. As a victim, it's an overwhelming experience that can have your head spinning. Some times when I'm called upon, I feel that with my past experiences I can be sensitive to the issue and I do try not to blur my vision and take a side right away (only human), but rather sit on the fence, hear the facts, do some digging, come out with the truth. It's a lot of responsibility and not to be taken lightly, or at least I don't! (And truth be told people, if I can avoid getting involved I do! Why, it's stressful, your seen as picking sides, you put yourself in a position of being bullied yourself. It's never that anonymous. So why do it? Sometimes I look at it this way, If you see a lost child in a mall would you walk away and let someone else deal with it? or do you stay and help, even if others come to help, because you know that you would never hurt that child and only want that child to be safe and for the situation to have a good ending, well that's me. I just want to see a bad thing get better, I want to see the right thing happen.)", "Some people write in saying they are observers, what can they do, others are the victim, asking for help. My experience is that sadly (in some cases) the people that are out there to help are not really qualified. They are just every day people, like you and me, just trying to help, some with great intentions, others, not so much. Go up a level, because that is where work place bullying goes, and it's the same. In some cases, 'they know it all', you're wasting their time, they already know what they're going to do without even hearing it. Again, unqualified people (for bullying cases) in supervisory roles, but it's part of their jobs.", "In the end, it's just people who decided who's right, who's wrong, and that doesn't always seem right to me because I don't think 'those' people are truly qualified to be judge and jury. Most deem it a personality conflict right off the bat. I doubt those people even know the different bullying types! Or have ever experienced bullying first hand! In some cases, they haven't even worked with the people in question, so how can they truly make the right decision? Do they know about bullies or mental illnesses? What do they know about the effects of bullying? Their objective is to fix the problem fast, make it go away. A lot of their decision making is based on the opinions of others and their own, which can be biased.", "We have an HR department, but from what I've seen the only time they ever come into play is when someone is fired and management wants to make sure it's done properly so as not to get sued!", 'The whole process needs to be looked at. I believe it can be made better.', "Love this site! It give's a safe outlet for people needing  to be listened too, finding answers and getting support. Keep up the great work!
I just moved to a country and from day one into this country it's been a living hell for me. I married and got abused by my husband day and night and to top it off my husband bossed sexual assaulted me. I did get a lawyer and sue him but still had certain issues in my head to start my life over again.", 'I divorced my husband and freed myself from the abuse and assaults. I was ready to start my life over. I got a public service job and was ready to start my new life at my job. I was so excited about working and making a new start with me and my two sons I brought over to this new country.', 'Well at my first day at work I was put in a corner in a chair and not spoken to, as I was suppose to be trained fully in this new job but my new co-workers did not want a new person there so they harassed me to the point of a mental break down to the point where I just wanted to die and broke.', 'I was referred to get your black ass over here, I was told that I did not belong there, I was called stupid, I was laughed at constant and belittled, I was abused everyday until one day I just could not take it any more and had a mental break down.', 'I did go to mangers to complained about what was happening but I was ignored about the issue and sent home every time and the issues did not stop. After awhile I needed help fighting for my rights which did not help support me in anyway as I was told by one of the mangers I would not win and no one ever wins and it would be a waste of time, well I guess he was right.', 'I did have a meeting with people who were suppose to help me including the mangers who did not protect me and admitted to the situation and everyone agreeing to harassment and discrimination and abuse they all admitted to everything they did to me but at the time of this meeting I was so distressed and confused and broken down trying to keep my head up and deal with what had happened to me and ended up signing a form I should have never signed in the state of mind I was in at the time.', 'I also had a witness that agreed to come to this meeting with me for support as I needed all the help I could get as I did not know which way I was going after being mentally broken down to this point.', "This has happen 3 years ago and I still continue to break down mentally, I try suicide on the regular basis and I cry everyday and can not find a job after all this as I am not mentally stable to do so after all this. I am forced to look for work at the same time trying to cope with the thoughts in my head, low self esteem, all my dreams out the window as I can't get anyone to hire me as I feel I have been black marketed every since I have spoken up.", 'I have become very abusive and can not function in the real world as I have become very depressed and have developed anxiety and nervous break downs over from all this harassment and have never received closure from all this. This has effected my life to the point where I do not want to live as everyday I cry if spoken to and have mental break downs over and over.', 'I have became so isolated since I lost my dream job and no where to turn to with no help. I feel that I was taken advantage of not knowing my rights and feeling pressure to sign a contact which I was not in the stable mind to sign in the first place.', 'It makes me angry that these 5 people who harassed me everyday and cause mental harm to me and broke all rules of the Humans rights still have their jobs and I have nothing everyday but distress, debt and forced to look for a job not in the right state of mind which I have been doing for the last 3 years.', 'I was never told I could get help what these people did to me all I got was, I am sorry and 4000.00 dollars for so called back wages which was wrong and added things in this contract that was not agreed on so I could not fight for my rights if needed to.', "I found a job after 3 years and lasted 2 months totally as I broke down and could not function enough to hold this job. I have been to doctors to try and get help and have been unsuccessful and today I still suffer to the point of no return. I have developed so many issues due to this bullying at work that I fight everyday to survive and hope that everything I have experienced will go away but it's always in my head everyday and night.", "I do not sleep, I talk to myself over and over to the point one of my children asked me who I was talking to, I cry all the time. I do not focus and I forget things all the time what has happened to me. How does this country expect for someone to go through Trauma From Domestic Violence, Sexual Assault and Bullying in the work place and think they are ok and can't understand why I keep having mental break downs trying to cope with all 3 things since I have been here? Is there no Help here?", "The list goes on but plain and simple these people have ruin my life and I do not think I will ever get it back. I am in tears now as I write this story which will probably never be addressed or acted up on fairly. Bullying destroys lives it destroyed my to the point of no return and the story goes on with no help or support as there are so many things still happening in my life but I can't talk about it as it affects me very bad. Please stop bullying out there.
This doctor constantly yells at her staff. It is only four of us and she yells at me the most. She would start an argument with me over any little thing.', 'She would get directly in my face and yell to the top of her lungs using curse words and everything. And demanding I look at her directly into her eyes while she is yelling at me. And if someone walked in she would not stop belittling me; she would become worse.']
I was working in a production department as a senior technician for about 17 years . Then on a/c of medical compassionate ground and urgent requirement of a regular/permanent Math teacher in the organisation's own school  affiliated under State Board I was transferred to this Education Dept from the Production Dept and then posted  to a school under a service code different from the code of  Edn dept but is  provided with facilities as an industrial employee like holidays and other fringe benefits with a provision of dummy code of Personnel dept non-works  which is not a code of edn dept. Due to misc malpractices of the office  bosses, all the teachers of all the schools run under the manufacturing company, resisted and in which I took a leading part.", "Hence I was transferred without crossing one year of service in teaching from the present posted  school to Education dept's Office within the same department without mention of the cause of transfer and the Nature of job presently allocated and concurrently I was released on the next day forcibly through an  administration order under the approval of the competent authority by a subordinate female boss ranked below one higher ranked Boss, in which the letter has a sign of the boss without the mention of the undersigned name.", "For the last one month I am not assigned any job nor any specific place of sitting in the office. This is the present situation of the harassment in the workplace. At present the post of that subject is still vacant and the students are suffering a lot. The highest ranked executive is utmost trying to close all the schools that has been also done prior under the wish of the concerned Company's target for cost control, keeping other State's  school running smoothly with an aim to have a higher promotion in service.
This is not psychological tactic; if done purely from the standpoint of mind and control of another; it will be seen through.', 'The first ingredient to this P.E.S.T. control working is SINCERITY of Spirit. (LOVE) Sincere LOVE ...not possible except by THE SOURCE (Holy Spirit)', "So...when that up and down relationship is established i.e.: the vertical beam of the 'cross' (human struggles on earth are 'cross' to bear)", "Then...proceed to work on the horizontal beam of 'the cross' in life: This beam is mankind's relating to one another. The horizontal beam composed of mankind is held UP (you will note by observation) by...'HOW SOLID the Vertical beam intersects' (the quality of Godly Virtues...or 'fruit' of the Spirit. Found in Galatians Chap 5.", "OK…once we have the Vertical beam correct and straight (that's the religious training and devotions and worship of THE GOD) ", 'Now we can use P.E.S.T. control method for getting along with one another. ', "P - praise 'em; by this I mean find some good to speak of our fellow human beings we share this earthly life with. No deep thoughts, ideology, find a common bond and praise that mutual connection, that we would also want praise for. Hard working, honest, nice family...earned 'good' (a car, a new home, a degree...whatever took good honest work effort.", "E - ngage 'em; be sincerely interested in that effort they achieved. Ask questions, not  too probing; just show SINCERE interest. If not interested; don't ask...phoney questions are apparent. Be genuine.", "S - soothe  our troubled bullies. They are insecure about a little or lot of stuff. This is their ego. They need to know THE TRUTH of good living stays same no matter what; kindness is better than wrath, meekness is not weakness, encourage the truth of hard work and honesty subtly to SOOTHE their ego that they are doing it right. (especially in younger who don't know how to ask this OR sometimes in older. We all like affirmation we are DOING GOOD. ", "T - this last part is the result of all the above...the ego of our mankind who is not perfect will be tamed by treating them as we would want to be treated. Golden Rule. In most cases this works unless ...UNLESS the person is mentally unstable and truly 'hard of heart' and 'blind' to what GOOD is.", 'To control PESTS...use P. E. S. T. control. ', 'SINCERITY and GODLINESS virtue NEEDS to be operative in some manner.', 'This is the way of mature adults.']
Work part time; work 2 part time jobs. (this for Americans) Actually, most employers want to hire workers part time now. ', 'But... there is GOOD in part time. It does go hand to glove with the spiritual principal of he who humbles himself is exalted ...by being older and EXPERIENCED ...you can work part time and avoid THE DOG EAT DOG world of MONEY HUNGRY youth.', 'Benefits paid on your own? Hey... it is DEDUCTIBLE you know.', "STAY CLEAR OF THE 'CAREER MINDED' when THERE IS NOT MUCH WORK for all.", 'And they will leave you alone. (I bet on that)', "Of the two part time positions; MAYBE 'they will exalt you' to FULL TIME... but then; it will come from 'them' and so WHEW... you will be safe for IT WAS THEIR IDEA.", "That's another thought."]
The following is to be read strictly as metaphor and not literally; but using the techniques of playing golf will assist any who feels others are putting bad attitude to them.', 'Use the techniques of playing golf', "1. Keep your head bowed down. *don't bite at the bait' of needing to prove yourself to anyone. IGNORE anything that is not a direct question to answer.", '2. FOCUS on your objectives ', "3. Go for the LONG DRIVE understanding not the short putt. (i.e.: do not  reply to every person's words TO you ...some moments are just 'short putts'  (temporary blips on the radar ...forgotten tomorrow or even one hour later) SWING with the intent of THE MOST YARDS attained to get on on the heavenly green...not MOMENTS ", '4. Silence is GOLDEN (say little and remain mystery and bullies will have little  to fight with)', "5. STAY ON COURSE by the 'caddy' who advises well.(Holy Spirit aka Counselor) That means; remain faithful to GOD (avoid sins and temptations of sin) How? a SACRAMENTAL life Look up the word Sacrament on the internet and the  faithful who most understand God is found within 'that which is natural'  ok; casually a Sacrament is the visible reality of the invisible presence of ... God's ONLY son. Lord's Prayer: lead us not into temptation; deliver us from evil....DO NOT LOVE 'what the world loves' or AS THE WORLD LOVES and  GOD (objective good will always direct your path in how to be and do and make a living also)  ", "STANCE, FOCUS, SEE BEYOND MOMENT going for the LONG DRIVE stay SILENT (offer little opinions or advice out there in world) STAY ON COURSE by GOD'S SPIRIT WHO COUNSELS (careful who you listen to)", 'To those who understand...nothing more need be explained.
Want to stop the bully forever?  ', "YOU CAN'T.", "God, that unseen Spirit and creator made man with a free will, the bully and nasty sort, and I do mean the deliberately nasty; not a 'slip' of non thinking once in a while when feeling pressured by life circumstances themselves...", "Those who are definite antagonizers to our good that is in us... and do try to intimidate with all types of psychological manipulation to get us to do something against our better judgment or taunt us cruelly of what is beyond our control (our looks, our speech, our physical attributes; of a limp or a twitch, or a wry (excuse spelling) neck, or some physical disformity we can't help....Those who would be that cruel...IT IS THEIR FREE WILL TO BE SUCH (which they will have to own up to someday 'in the Light'", "It is our free will TO WALK AWAY...that's all, just walk away 'in peace' and the God will uphold your decision.  God will provide the grace to do it also...by the good lives we have lived. By our good lives, and prudence living it, we can move to a better neighborhood, we can go to a better job because we have a skill to offer, we can work for our own selves, WE CAN DO ANYTHING because THE TRUTH (incarnate God) lives within and helps us to have A GOOD LIFE.", "We don't have to 'take it' (He took all that ANGER to hImself; and set us free)", "and that's it... Anton...If you'll keep this reply right on the home page; and folks BELIEVE IT...you may have to shut the site down for lack of stories ...", "folks YOU DON'T HAVE TO 'TAKE BULLIES' IF YOU LIVE 'IN THE TRUTH' OF  GOD INCARNATE with you and live GOOD LIVES", 'To those who understand...nothing more needs to be said.']
These toxic coworkers may not be bi-polar but rather have "Intermittent explosive disorder"  ', 'Keep a journal of the episodes and be sure to write down the TIME of DAY, DATE, any witnesses who were present, the location of where the episode took place, and what was said by the other person.  This documentation is critical and your proof of what has happened and will make you more credible.  Categorize the events as:  bullying, harassment, etc.', 'Read more about ', '.', 'Symptoms', 'By Mayo Clinic Staff', 'Explosive eruptions, usually lasting less than 30 minutes, often result in verbal assaults, injuries and the deliberate destruction of property. These episodes may occur in clusters or be separated by weeks or months of nonaggression. In between explosive outbursts, the person may be irritable, impulsive, aggressive or angry.', 'Aggressive episodes may be preceded or accompanied by:', 'Irritability', 'Increased energy', 'Rage', 'Racing thoughts', 'Tingling', 'Tremors', 'Palpitations', 'Chest tightness', 'Feeling of pressure in the head', 'Depression, fatigue or relief may occur after the episode.', 'Hope this helps!', '
I posted ', " last night, I know they get reviewed, but I haven't seen it on here, so a little disappointed.  This site has been incredibly helpful to me, so am grateful it's here.  I decided to take my power back.  Now that I know a target usually gets fired, I have resigned to the possibility.  I've enrolled in school, and have applied for other jobs.   Anyone who is negative in my personal life no longer has a place in MY world!  Today, I played my favorite music, sang and danced in my living room, and had lunch with a friend.  My work no longer gets to take my life away.  When I'm bullied, I'll say nothing, but will document when I get home and let it go.  I know bullying is real because of this site, these are someways I've decided to cope with this stupidity at work.  I really want my life and sense of humor back.  Thanks for being here!"]
Hi everyone. I have been reading all these stories, and I felt that way as well. I just found this page today. ', "I moved to a different state and I was new in town. I also started a new career in this new state at the same time. My new career of choice is massage therapy. I love massage and still do it. I didn't realize it at the time, but I was bullied. I was out of school for the longest time and never really was bullied until massage school. The first day of class was a real indicator and one which I regret ignoring. They did not address me, and ignored me when I walked into the class room. I'm in my 40's and the classmates were mostly in their 20's and early 30's. ", "The first couple of months were okay. Then it started. I got criticized for all kinds of things. They said I did all kinds of things wrong, and not performing the massage right. I spent a lot of time with tutors on the side for I got an idea what was happening and in order to get my massage practice in, I had to spend the money. It turned out to be that I would get negative commentators, rumor spreading, and not massaging with me in class. It was only about half the class, but that was good enough to affect my grades a bit. I ended up talking to the school council and that didn't work. I ended up leaving that one class for another and only going part time instead of full time. I eventually, got a lot of stress from this and had trouble sleeping and an upset stomach. I was new in town, and didn't know who was who, on top of a new culture in massage school. I gained some weight. I felt alone and scared. What did I walk into? Then a guy I massaged with in school, for homework, started stalking me in public. I was followed by him all over town. That was embarrassing to me since I was new here. Thank goodness my husband stood by and protected me. I should have called the police at that point. I just ignored him, and kept on walking. I still had trouble sleeping at night. It finally stopped because I think I kept my cool in public with him and didn't overreact. It still drained me though.", 'I finally graduated from massage school, but it took longer and more $$$ than expected due to half the class ganging up on me. My grades got better in the other classes. I did make some friends in the other classes as well. So I ended up winning that fight.', 'Since then, I have been steadily working and working hard at a day spa. I have a question for you all. I work in a full service day spa & salon. Since I started a few years ago, I have had a couple of run ins with one of the facial/nail techs there. She would argue with me over were to put a pillow on the massage table even after I made the table for her, in public, in one of the facial rooms that also doubles as a massage room. Then recently, there was a "which room do I use" snafu at work. The receptionist told me to use the wrong room, and it was the facial/nail techs room and she blasted me over that. She said "since I\'ve been here for a while I should know not to ask the receptionist about which room to use and ask us" etc. No one else was around to ask, it was early and my client was waiting. She basically said I was not considerate to her and her space. I\'ve never been talked down to in the work place before like that. Is this work place bullying?', "One thing I have noticed, is in my experience, that bullying and aggression seem to be more prevalent in the younger crowd. I maybe wrong, just my experience. I don't feel I'm a bully magnet, but I did feel like a target, especially when I was stalked. One thing a teacher told me, is it had to do with different values and beliefs and that was apart of the aggression towards me, as well as me being too smart for them. They were really young and not to bright. ", "Now in the spa I am the oldest one there. No big deal. My managers love me, but I may have to consider is this place really worth my time? I am wondering how can I trust this girl at work if she keeps flying off the handle like this to me? It is a small spa. I have my several years there now. I can use it for my resume. This girl doesn't communicate to me and when she does, it is about what she thinks I did wrong. What do you all suggest I do? Thanks J9
I was transferred from one state to another. I was a cashier, but they told me they had a customer service position open. I accepted, so I was transferred with full time and a promotion I never asked for. This caused a TON of jealously from the other co workers.', 'Suddenly, I was being written up every time I turned around, I continued to battle the write ups, and 5.5 years later am still fighting. I have a lot of documentation but it continues to fall on deaf ears. I have never in my life had a disciplinary action on me until this job. Lots of mobbing, and bullying.', "In the other place I worked they were grooming me for management! I come here, suddenly, I'm the worst thing that ever happened to the work force! People don't change like that.", "I'm constantly being set up for failure, poor training and co workers flat refusing to teach me. I'm so depressed I can't hardly function at work or out of work. Like I'm giving up. My friends and family don't want to hear it any more. I'm completely frozen in time and isolated at work and at home. :("]
I read all the stories posted and I see there's hope to ending bullying at work. I'm a fresh grad already working at this company for more than a year now and was assigned to a boss that was known for having a really high staff turnover.", "I was handling a category alone in a retail company without team-mates. The job is already so stressful and my boss makes it worse. Why? Given the fact that I do all the job of a 3-man team, my boss tells me I'm stupid, schoolish and weak. She even makes it a point that during divisional meetings, I will be reprimanded in front of everyone. I'm compared to people with experience and I'm usually getting bypassed. Bypassed in a way that I'm the only one who can't be informed and if I don't know it, it eventually be my fault. I just felt incompetent.", "My relationship with my family, friends and boyfriend was severely affected. I cry everyday and couldn't even eat at work since I need to work every minute of my shift just for me to not work overtime. My work has been called mediocre, crap and all sorts and have everything not approved. Making me have to work over and over again.", "I'm exhausted and stressed out. I couldn't sleep every night.
I feel silly writing about my bullying story and have often wondered 'is it bullying?' Or am I just over reacting...", 'I work as a finance manager for a division and we deal with another division on an inter company basis.', 'For whatever reason myself and the Finance Manager of the other division have not really seen eye to eye.', 'Whilst in the first few months of work we had a pleasant relationship I feel this turned toxic when I began improvement plans within our division and identifying areas for improvement.', "Family and friends have suggested he's just jealous because I'm more forward thinking young and a woman so probably just feels threatened.", "There has been a long standing culture of 'us and them' so I'm not sure if it's just part of the culture however I have experienced the following behaviour from the finance manager and feel he has a very passive/aggressive nature towards me:", 'Ignores my emails', 'Responds to my emails cc me in but replies to my manager', "His tone of email is very patronising we have been set joint team tasks by the directors of the company and I get responses such as 'this is beyond your remit', 'I don't think you understand what we have been asked to do' ", 'When I have arranged a meeting with him to go through the team tasks I have had to wait up to 15 minutes rather uncomfortably in his office whilst he finishes something else', 'He sends me inaccurate information, has requested information from me then changed it and sent it on to others for no justified reason, has sent me information literally 1 minute before a meeting.', "We have 360 appraisals in which I know the feedback was from this person where they have completely slated me for my work, performance and personality some of the comments made were completely unfounded and really hurtful saying that I was manipulative and had hidden agendas that it was 'my way or the highway'.", 'This person however seems to be very influential in the business and the comments made above have been picked up by the directors.', 'I have explained to our finance director the issues I am having and was surprised by the response I got which I did not find supportive.  The directors comments were I needed to build a working relationship with this person and identify weaknesses in my own traits that is stopping this from happening.', 'No matter how much I try with this person nothing works, I have been friendly towards them despite the above and during certain occasions they are friendly back but then stab me in the back next chance they get.', "I've just got back from another day of passive aggression from this person and I am at the point where I feel I need to leave the company because I just can't take it anymore.", "Due to the nature of the work I am unable to avoid this person but I'm at the point where I can't stand to be in the same room as them and exchange fake pleasantries.", "If anyone can offer any advise on how to deal with this or just some honesty if I'm just making something out of nothing", 'Thanks']
I was bullied and tormented for around five years in my last workplace and I believe I've been blackballed and given a bad reference from my last boss.", 'After five years I just wanted to move on and do well but again the same patterns and the same people appeared again but just in another form.', 'I believe that in certain small companies that are going through changes or pressures certain situations will occur.', '1. A narcissist, sociopath or bully will get into a management role. ', "2. They will 'protect' their new position by forming a gang or clique around them.", '3. Anyone threatening any of them will be a target for bullying or mobbing.', "Chances are the new manager will be in a position they aren't trained for or comfortable with. Hence the reason to surround themselves with protectors and enablers. Many of whom will have got their jobs directly as a result of simply working with them before at another firm or with their old boss. Sure this type of nepotism happens innocently all the time but cynically they are recruited not for the good of the firm but to form a bubble around the narc.", "After a few months or years you will now have a toxic, political workplace that is on a downward spiral that won't be solved until the narc is removed.", "It's fairly obvious after a while to spot the clique.", 'e.g.', '1. You notice or hear phoney or exaggerated laughter around the narc that seems cringeworthy or not normal.', '2. If you cross any of the main group the others will take it in turns to shun you. People who you got along fine with will suddenly stop talking to you. This in time will develop into mobbing.', '3. Hypocrisy is very clear. The same rules do not apply to them. They do not practice what they preach. ', "4. Things you said in confidence about the clique members will be repeated out loud to try and humiliate you.  One member who maybe genuinely liked and respected you has been turned by them through lies. They are telling others that you are dangerous, bad for the company, crazy, lazy, ugly, stupid, gay, worthless or whatever insult comes to them. Due to the nature of their control they can quite easily turn others against each other or onto one target. Again the patterns and behaviours are extremely predictable and obvious to the target and somehow enablers and sycophants or new recruits can't or don't want to see it.", "If you're being presented with an open door for progression and more financial reward but have to sell out then most people will accept it gladly at first.", "5. Promotion and rewards. Clique members probably do very little all day whilst non clique members do the job of two or three workers. Clique members will get special treatment such as long breaks, free holidays, promotions that aren't needed or justified, invited to nights out, bigger offices etc etc. For non clique members this annoys them further and eventually will realise what is going on and slow down or leave.", "As you can see none of the above is good for the company. It's entirely all about the ego and career of the 'elephant in the room' narcissist. The flying monkeys around them falsely think that they actually deserve their place at the top of the tree. Before you know it you have a dangerous group of people who think they can do anything and get away with it.", 'I believe that this creates a situation to occur that enables corporate scandals or financial meltdowns. I would bet my mortgage on their being a narcissist pulling the strings responsible for the Enron situation or the banking crisis. ', "Cynically I wonder if the general public will ever be educated in how to spot this and stop it happening? It's extremely difficult to stop, especially when most of it is done behind the surreptitiously and for the good of the new clique members. In my experience HR are usually hoodwinked also and part of the problem.", "This isn't a story as such but my thoughts and feelings on the matter. I have read a few stories on here and hundreds elsewhere. It amazes me how similar and almost identical they all are. Surely society could be more informed on the matter? Until it happened to me I had no idea about narcs and their disorders. Are medical professionals part of the issue? How deep is the problem?
I now fully understand … and I give the credit where it is due… GOD! (God who gives us the gift of understanding; of GOD)', "I was working a few hours a month (very few) setting up a marketing item for a business person. It was going fine for 3 whole months; I was the sole assistant to one boss (a dream come true) Suddenly… next to 'last month' things again seemed to be tense with the boss (could be personal stuff in her home life…bosses do have a home life, could be the pressure on her 'business wise') Anyway, I was 'the assistant' yet for the project I do for him/her (no matter which…I would rather not describe this in too much detail) For the current month's project; the boss asks a front desk reception person to do the ad, then emails me…that 'they' came up with something that could be used but I certainly can look it over and see if I can do things with it. (they couldn't send the file to my machine; come in and get the hard copy printout) ", 'I took it I revised as told I could but kept the basic layout. I gave reason for what I did.', "Then; this one writes to say …why don't we have another from the office look at my version and your version. (never occurred before such was needed)", 'Get the Message; NOT WANTED. ', 'I asked to talk…boss called on phone…I began explaining…boss kept interrupting with \'same old patterned boss stuff\' "why are you upset" (I wasn\'t…but boss wanted that to be seen (for all I know boss had another in room listening) I \'blew it\' again when I spoke on phone; it should have been face to face in private. Boss kept interrupting my sentences… I kept saying excuse me; I\'m not finished…boss didn\'t care what I was saying. I got out my words (unheard) and I said I quit. and hung up.  I typed an email resignation letter to \'boss\' I assisted in detail, another of the gist of phone conversing, and PLEASANT AND GRACIOUS letter to office manager knowing I resigned so I would not be on payroll. And I was gracious to all of them…praising my boss to the manager and how lucky she was to have this dedicated person. It is true boss to me was dedicated…but; for reasons boss can\'t speak of…boss did not want me around anymore. Boss can\'t (as in old days) speak what it is is bothering her; I knew this much…BOSS wanted me out…and I gave it to her. I resigned first…WITH PRAISE to boss, the manager, the business. I was only a few hours a month assistant so "I didn\'t care" (they didn\'t care either) ', 'And it occurred to me: Let there be PEACE on earth…and LET IT BEGIN WITH ME.', "We are not going to be loved (or liked) by everyone on this earth. Don't expect to be. Curb our own 'ego' and stop fighting 'them' and stop wanting to be liked where it isn't going to happen. As in all the advice I gave in words LEAVE LEAVE LEAVE I have done it in actions. I left and I left graciously. And it doesn't matter what they did or how they did it. Or how they write me up. For the few hours a month it was, I don't even need to mention them to any other place. ", 'In today\'s world (where sins dominate and thus God who is love and graciousness does not) Where everyone believes \'it is a NOW happening and there is no after life\' The Golden Rule of "do to others as one wants it done to self" is conspicuously absent or badly tarnished. This is sad…but no matter…', "When someone speaks in action that 'they no longer like' …stave off arguing their opinion firmly entrenched in their free will mind, keep the peace in yourselves and hand in the resignation…and do not look back. And BE DIFFERENT than they treated you…treat them with praise and glory and thank them for the opportunity to serve. No harsh words, no telling how good you were and are…if they didn't want to see it in action; no words will convince. ", "LEAVE THEM BE…but yes PRAY FOR THEM …pray they 'get the message' of their ways from the one who CAN'T BE SHUT DOWN.  When He speaks…they will hear.  Pray He enlighten them and change their worldly way. ", "Oh yes; when starting any job…don't get so into the job you forget to pray before hand for smooth relating with whomever. Pray for your 'boss' on earth each a.m. No matter what pray FOR Him…it will come out as your graciousness to him or her in the workday…which will help your day (if not the boss) ", 'Bosses need prayers…just as much as any of us. Feel Compassion for these souls.
I am suffering with bullying at McDonalds. Only it is the managers that are bullying me so I feel so stuck that I cannot do anything about it! They abuse their power make you clean up their mess while they stand their watching you making you feel under so much pressure, intimidating you constantly to the point where you just want to walk out of the store and never return.', "I just need the money, I've only worked here for 9 months ,I've had severe Anxiety since I was a child and this place is draining me. Picking at every last little part of me that is sane. One day it was 20 minutes after I had finished my shift and this manager that doesn't seem to like me at all asked me to mop all the floors before I could clock off I said yeah thats fine, got it done straight away everything was spotless, came back to her asked if there was anything else I needed to do before I leave, she was making coffee in McCafe and threw the coffee powder all over the floor right in front of me, laughed and then asked me to clean that up also.", "Crew trainers of crew members that have been there for years boss the new crew around make them do their work that they get given by managers and managers don't even care! its all corrupt and I'm so over it... there's no one to tell because you'll get bullied even more! I come home crying most nights, it's sickening.", "Im ready to leave but its just hard to face them, and finding a new job is next to impossible these days. Managers have their favourites who they like the best they will put them on the best jobs they won't have to clean up or do anything besides what they've been put on but the rest have to do everything! ", 'Something needs to be done.
My former workplace was a mental health clinic, filled with mental health professionals. Very ironic that workplace bullying happened here.', 'One male supervisor was not stopped by top management and the carnage began. First one person was fired; then a person quit; then someone took extended medical leave. Another person quit; numerous medical symptoms including migraine headaches, high blood pressure, elevated glucose levels and more sick days.', 'It was a textbook case of bullying; but while I was inside the organization I had no idea what was actually happening and thought it was my fault. My fervent hope is that more national attention and education can gradually eliminate the "silent epidemic."', 'I see this as another "squeeze" on the middle class and the outcome of "Act 10" legislation that erases workplace protections. Thank you.
For the past two years I have been tormented. I work in the tech sector and the bully is an ex-colleague. Somehow she found out where I live and started to spread malicious rumours against me. Ever seen the movie Gone Girl and realise how deceptive some people can be? She's like that! At the same time she started a campaign within the company, in the Administrations department, far from where I would take notice. Administrations is also the network to other departments. Go figure. As rumours spreading within the neighborhood begun to take hold of me, inside the company another thing was brewing. By the time it got to colleagues close to me, matters has been set. Since everyone is talking about it, it must be true. Power's in the numbers right? From time to time, I'd get the face up mock, taunts, and f*u looks. Just as things appear to die down, she and other people will fabricate another rumour. Soon I'm everyone's punching bag.", "I have not hated technology so much 'til this event. One day some colleagues secretly took photos of me with their cell phones. They started circulating them so everyone becomes aware of what I look like. The thing is they'd do it covertly, so I'm not able to find traces. How I know? I started getting strange exchanges from people I've never met before within the company for no reason. Some of them from other departments. Things started to blow up from this point. Thanks to FB check-in, they've also managed to screw me at places I go to relax. Got hold of some FB friends to follow their campaign. Soon they've gotten hold of some of my routines. Bank I go, where I go for cinema, where I shop, etc. They'd form a little network, like neighborhood watch, that inform each other of my whereabouts. Spread the same shit to my friends list. My life is a total mess now. I've shunned from going outside just to avoid anymore of these unnecessary confrontations.", "Because she is an ex-colleague, I've never managed to face her upfront. She does everything through her minions who still work there. And they'd be all covert and innocent about it.", "So as I've had it, I decided to move on to another job in a nearby city. I don't know how she's doing it but she managed to pull the same shit against Administrations there.  Are people just willing to believe anything these days!? People that her minions knew at the new company started to pick up on the rumours. And once again I'm in HELL. Did I mentioned that I moved and she managed to figure out my new address as well? Pyschotic! Never had I imagine how dark humanity can be! I'd like to refrain from saying I'm going insane but the whole thing really is driving me insane.", "If you all would like to know the reason why'd she be doing this, it's because I refused her love. I'd never realised that anybody can take it so harshly. I already knew she had some emotional problem and that's why I refused. My life will never go back to normal again.
I was looking for a job and since I was back home at this time I wanted something local. I went around my area and put applications everywhere and ended up at a restaurant as a dishwasher. ', 'I had never worked a manual labor job. I have nothing against it, I had just never done it. ', "So, my first day went well. I never saw any of the coworkers except the guy training me on how to do the job. He was going really quickly and kind of made it a point for me to just stay away from the machine? I figured I'd just do the other stuff like sort the dishes, forks, stack stuff, take out the trash, etc. The second day I came back and expected the same guy to be working along side me, but he wasn't there. I had to figure out how to work the machine, and fast. ", "The dishes started piling up and I started getting backed up, which now that I'm seeing all the snooty servers the impression is not a good one. I wasn't going to make excuses and tell them I didn't get any training I just said sorry and started working harder and faster. I figured out how to work the machine and things started going smoother. ", 'Like most people on this site the bullying started as a drip-drip effect. One of the servers called me a loser for working in a restaurant (an exact quote. Not sure where he thought he was working?). I ignored it and kept working. Then another coworker called me a ni*#er and a monkey. And it just kept happening. I never had a term for it, but now thanks to this site I know it was mobbing.', "The manager was standing right there watching it happen. Well, the night manager that is. The day manager was a White guy and he was really cool and professional, everyone seemed to go by the book while he was there. But at night there was a fat White lady in the manager's office. The only time I saw her is when she would go out back for a smoke by the dumpsters.", "I stayed the entire shift, and never came back after that day. I didn't want the job, nor did I need it. I'm working in my field of study now but I did learn a lot from that experience.", '1) The very second, the very millisecond a racist insult was hurled at me I should have stopped everything I was doing and gone straight to the manager and reported it. ', "You want me to do my job? Well then make sure you're not putting me in a hostile workplace.", "2) I sure as hell wouldn't have quit. If for no other reason at all just to spite them and not let them chase me out.", "If you think you have to put up with racism at the job, even for one second, you're wrong. Every single solitary instance you need to report it. After enough strikes the person making the racist comments will be fired. Make sure the manager keeps a record of every complaint, and that YOU keep a record of every complaint. If you feel enough complaints are going unheard then it's time to consider a lawsuit.", 'Best of luck and stay strong!
I just feel incredibly bad for a woman at my job.  She is the sweetest person and the go-to person for questions.  I don't know what to do to help because this whole situation leaves me in an awkward position.  This person is a very hard worker and very smart.", 'I have overheard some nasty comments about the poor woman who is also a beautiful young lady, by a nurse who was recently promoted due to default.  The woman I feel bad for I heard made a complaint to her boss after being mistreated by this nurse where there were witnessed accounts who also heard this nurse yelling and insulting this newer employee and ever since then, this amazingly sweet and quiet woman has been told to come speak to the department director several times over miniscule situations.', 'Office personnel have also been involved and told false statements concerning this employee.  There was recently a day when I was given time sensitive information after the fact that it was due, only to be told to point fingers at this same employee so to speak.  It appears there is a new intentional mishap surrounding this poor woman on a daily basis!', "For example serious reports being due only to tell the woman the day of.  Then of course hearing the office talk that she is not doing her job but everyone knows that it's as if she is blatantly being set up by others yet no one is doing anything about it.  Including myself.", "Obviously we all see what happens when someone complains. She was called in recently being accused of a huge medication type of error which I heard she had proof so they couldn't do anything by falsely accusing her.  But when we saw her she looked like she had been crying the day through.", "This poor woman also has more work given to her alone than I've seen in my many years working here.  I wonder if upper management is aware of this at times because it makes me feel uncomfortable to not trust those in charge of my position. I've never seen anyone in this company do anything so cruel during my career here.", "What's really sad is that our profession we are supposed to be advocating for others however we are bullying those just trying to make a living.  I'm just as guilty in this for not sticking up for this poor woman.  This girl really seems to care about helping other people so to assign her to one of the chief management caseload then set her up could not only have temporary issues for her career but it could falsely slander this girls future. ", "I really don't know what to do to help because will saying anything help anyways?
Hello Fellow Readers, I have only been a nurse for 5 years as an EN and I have never been bullied in my life till I started nursing. I was actually shocked and disgusted at the age of 18 at some of the nurses misconduct of behaviour towards patients and co-workers. I work hard and acknowledged from the start that I had little experience but I am eager to learn. This wasn't enough, it all started when I was rostered on point 8 shifts a fortnight in a small country hospital and some staff started ignoring me. Afterwards I learned they where only rostered on permanent 6 shifts a fortnight and been there for years. This wasn't my fault but they did a good job of making me feel like it was.", 'I even at one point had a unit manager that use to be my teacher and an older nurse told everyone in handover behind my back that I was an ass hole and not to tell her anything because she tells everything to the boss. I later got told this by a student and felt sad as I respected this nurse and looked up to her, due to all her years of knowledge. I even felt bad once because she was such a fast worker and I felt so slow starting out. So I did all her BGL\'s and she yelled at me and said "do you think I am stupid because I can\'t do BGL\'s, all you young nurses think the same". Looking back I realised she felt threatened as all theses young nurses were coming in medication-endorsed and she wasn\'t.', 'I then had this one RN tell me I work to fast and I took this on board but then realised I do everything safe I just have good time management. I asked her if I could do handover for our patients when I first started out and she just laughed and said no way. The same RN bullied all the new grads and made them all cry, she was a bitch!!!  She then told me to get out of my patients room as I went to reassure my patient while she was inserting a cannula.The RN then yelled in a aggressive and physical manner "(my wrong name) whatever your name is get out" and repeated her self in this manner three times while pointing at me. As I tried to justify why I was there (like I should anyway). I then approached her at the nurses station and said by the way my name is ##### and you don\'t have the right to talk to me like that. I respect you and I don\'t care what you say I am a good nurse. She then looked up from the nurses station and said "in your opinion and you were so rude and rudely just walked in the patients room. I said no I didn\'t the curtains where wide open. I then run off down the hall way and started crying the poor student that was with me just stood there and two nurses that overheard reassured me and one nurse said don\'t worry I wondered what I did to her tonight. Before I stood up to her she bullied me all the time and made me feel inadequate.  ', "I HOPE YOUNG NURSES reading this know it can always get better. I stood up to all theses bullies and they never bullied me again. I always approached them first if that didn't work I approached them in the handover room where over staff are. Nursing has taught me a lot of things and has made me stronger. My eyes where foggy at 18 but nursing made me open my eyes to the real world. I am less of a target now because I don't question every single task and have more confidence as a young adult.  I am now studying my RN and hope to work in a bigger hospital, which from past experience seems less clicky and more professional. I hope to lead by example and set the bar high. =D
Really need some help! I work at a medical clinic. I am doing work experience at my job, where I volunteer my hours for free and I've been working for 6 weeks now. I went from being in medical records for 2 week's to getting moved to the phones department to schedule appointments.", "I'm very new and still learning but I've been doing pretty good as some other coworkers in other department's have mentioned to me and I was told by my trainer before she went on vacation that I was doing great. My boss offered me a per diem job in medical records,  I'm just waiting to sign paperwork which is taking time.", "But lately I've been clashing with a coworker. This co worker has been with the company for about 4 months or so, is very close with the girls in that dept and she has been difficult towards me and has been stressing me out and I just don't know how to deal with it exactly, so I'm reaching out for some advice on how to deal with such a difficult coworker.", "She is very bossy, hot headed and feels the need to act like my supervisor and this behavior started a week and a half ago.  Before that she was very nice, helpful, easy to talk. These girls are young and I'm definitely getting treated like the outsider, I get treated as such and I'm close to their age just a few years older.", "The girls really don't talk to me now when they do Its with  a very firm voice but with each other, they are happy, helpful with each other, they chit chat amongst each other, sometimes very loudly and they ignore some calls or put pts on hold for a long time.", 'I do remember these girls everyday asking me the same questions,  who are you volunteering through? Are you getting paid? Why would you work here? etc. Then they would joke amongst each other (oh, I would never work for free) its a small office and I can hear almost everything they say but I would ignore them.', "Two days ago my coworkers  had complained about me to my boss stating I have a really bad attitude. I think they don't want me to get the position. My boss stated to me she was surprised and she told me what was said and I was very surprised and as I stated to my boss, I have been nothing but nice to them. I told my boss how these girls have been towards me, with the bad attitude and the lack of help I've been receiving.", 'I am still learning and it\'s creating a lot of tension upstairs. My boss simply replied "treat them as if they are your bosses" they just don\'t know you yet, she then sent me on my way. But I don\'t think that\'s right, this isn\'t ok right?', "So I just need to know, is it okay for coworkers who have only been there for a few months, to yell out  from her desk (you better have more than 1 phone call on hold) I had a few calls on hold at the time and I was in the middle of one call!  This coworker just yells out so everyone can hear but its obvious I'm the only one in the room that this is directed to. The other three girls are her friends.", "She has also yelled out while sitting at her desk (you need to pick up more calls!!!) Very loud and has also said to me when I went on my break and I had 5 min left I go to my boss to pick up some paperwork I forgot, as I go back to the office, the bossy coworker stands up and says (where were you? I didn't know where you were?) My response was (oh, I was on break and during that time I went to go meet with our boss) the girl says (you need to tell me where you were!) and then I said (I was with our boss) she said (I don't care you need to tell me so I know where you are) I just went back to my desk and said nothing :(. We all have our assigned schedule with breaks and lunches."]
', "…this is what management uses as a  guid to finding a good worker, what workers to promote, who to fire, who to  'motivate' (or is it manipulate the head of another) ", "THIS is what is learned in 'college' to get a worker 'motivated' to produce for a ", 'business. ', ' / no doubt also taught in college ', "TRUTH here: management isn't seeing PERSONS…they are looking at each SOUL they hire as 'an object' for their analysis to benefit their 'cause' / I guess in many instances one is ALWAYS being evaluated for every word spoken, every smile or non smile, who one eats lunch with (why lunch rooms are empty) To hire someone  it is no longer based on a person's CHARACTER (honesty in actions, family person, 'faithful' church oriented…oh maybe it gets a glance but I THINK I now understand; working has been reduced down to psychological theories of who will work best for the firm not in knowing 'the person' ", "What do you think Anton? is this possible? Is this why our workplaces are places  'just workers' (including at times those in middle management roles) are  no longer friendly and nice. Everyone is SCARED STIFF of 'the psychologist' ", "Management without SPIRITUAL understanding of GOD; who management can't see …will never have understanding of 'BROTHER' they hire to work for them who they do see. ", 'College degreed wants to take the human from human psychology and replace it with THEORIES….in order to up the amount of their bottom line. ', "And THAT IS WHY bullying exists.  All head stuff and NO SPIRIT because  college tells the student (in some manner) You don't need FAITH in God.", 'Businesses are FAILING because of this way.
So; as I wrote in Part I and Part II …PSYCHOLOGY (head stuff) has replaced the seeing of workers as individuals with soul. Business most concerned with the bottom line and producing. BIG BUSINESS or small business. ', 'Now, in fairness; Yes, business should be business and one hired to work for any business is there to work. Yes, profit does matter in running a business; or there is no business. ', 'So; rather than go into the psychology of motivating workers to work; what could be done from the Spirit of Life to inspire in workers loyalty, interest, wanting to work hard even without OT pay, (strictly on salary) What things of the SPIRIT of man brings', 'man to desire getting up every day to go work for the business who employs him?', "-- knowing that by his being there; something gets done that wouldn't be done if he was not there. So; business management: don't over hire for a position. Hire enough to fill a position but not more than is needed. (this requires knowledge of the work being done your self) Don't hire someone and then hire another to do 'same job' it makes a worker confused. As God knows each of us personally; and calls each to a specific call to action 'in our hearts' / on the natural level…let workers know they can 'make the position' THEIR OWN. ", "-- Clear instruction and help which means the supervisor has knowledge of what  he or she tells worker to do and can and is willing to help someone who is stuck in a problem. (that there is no fear to ask; asking is encouraged; as in God's words: ask and you shall receive help not a rebuke)", "-- Set expectations clearly for all. As the Spirit set the thou shalt shalt not plainly and 'sticks to it' / and is impartial…which means any worker who steps over the line of what they should be doing or action; will be brought to side and spoken to in private (when brother sins…take him aside and tell him IN PRIVATE not in front of others; if he listens he won brother over)", "-- Workers are not there just for the paycheck. Not the good one's. Hire based on Spirit of interest in job. The desire to make a difference. The wanting to improve self. Give employee encouragement to take classes, hold seminars on how to  (better run a program) or better customer service, GIVE FUN ways to work as a  team…challenging one dept to do better quality then other; with prize to the  dept as a whole of catered lunch or pizza. Or give same if as a whole dept;  dept works to help a worker who needs to learn how to a bit better of increasing production…not reward the one who does more; reward THE ONE or many who when their work is done; goes over and sits with another to bring them up to speed. (reward OTHER CENTERED ways not self serving ways.", 'Yes; it too is psychology …psychology coupled with SPIRIT of serving your  employees as they serve you. The profit may not be as much…in short term but in long term of employee retention…you will WIN BIG over the competition.
Bullying is real. Same type as was in the school playgrounds of grade school or the high school 'mocking' in cafeteria or hall or outside of school. ", "In the world of business; it gets a bit more 'sophisticated.' ", 'The reason?', "COLLEGE 'knowledge' of Psychology (head stuff) Emotion riling to get 'the lesser one to do one's bidding' … with 'a smile.'  Psychology or Child Psychology (how the 'educated' look at 'just workers' (as children) is dangerous when Spritual understanding is not in the mix. (Spiritual understanding of A GOD, An eternal destiny one way or the other for all, that SIN is real and examining conscience is as imperative to prepping for a work day with others as shaving one's face or applying one's make-up. If we don't examine our conscience…all that grit and grime CAKES UP within and hardens the  heart of mankind…and all one can now see from is natural rather than supernatural perspective. ", "If one's own self is angry; one will see everyone by that way. So one will NATURALLY; aim to protect one's own life and possessions or job position and 'importance.' ", "Those who point and wag fingers of accusation without cause calling someone lazy, difficult, 'missy' (term for a female young girl) fall into JUDGING …themselves. For how could one call another missy unless inside themselves they felt scared and insecure. If they rant LAZY…it is to themselves they point (they must know lazy  from an interior angle) We haven't given them cause to speak this. judge not lest you be judged….someday; by GOD.  (of course; one would have to know or have faith there is a God; and that's the issue…COLLEGE takes youthful minds and  pretty much tells them YOU can handle ANYONE with PSYCHOLOGY.  (don't believe that FAITH AND GOD stuff)", "What good is it to have ALL KNOWLEDGE and not Love (Love being God) but again; 'the world' doesn't hold to this GOD stuff…love is 'physical' not SPIRITUAL sight. Love is touchy feely.  Sometimes they 'rope in' the victim with the nice smile at first, the hand on the shoulder, the words of praise…that's to get one  off guard. Let down one's defenses. Then…THEY NEED to get PRODUCTION from a person; or they need to trip up a person so they look BETTER THAN so they leave info out of instruction, they forget to tell of a meeting, they SCREAM OR RANT on open floor…for minor stuff…hoping to intimidate those around them OR be seen as IN THEIR VIEW ….assertive go getter to the boss keeping the little one in line.", 'Use of Psychology without understanding SPIRITUAL life …is dangerous and will lead to the intimidating ways that for short spell gets production up until worker QUITS and the business is left with that which they honor… Manipulators of mind and deceivers and arrogant money lovers. ', "Too many with 'small understanding' of psychology…using it for their own gains. …IT IS BULLYING in a sophisticated and educated manner.
I changed careers at age 51. Being in management for 25 years, I thought I had seen it all, and experienced it all when it came to behavior. In that 25 years, I made an equal amount of friends and enemies.  I took care of things.  I had a no tolerance policy when it came to poor attendance, poor quality of work and negativity.  I had employees threaten to slash my tires and they accused me of favoritism and racism, all because of their lack of accountability. I was tired.  Although I was a good manager, I wanted to pursue my life long dream of becoming a Surgical Technologist.  I was accepted into the program at the local community college in the fall of 2013.', "My first semester of clinicals was at a new hospital in Novi, Mi. but in an old area on the hospital campus.  The area I was assigned to was an ambulatory surgery department which had 4 OR's.  It was a great learning environment.  I occasionally worked in the new OR, but not independently.", 'My second semester was at a large hospital in Southfield known for it\'s state of the art cardiovascular care.  It also had a thriving Orthopedic and Neuro Spine program. It was here I experienced surgeons\' range of moods and personalities. I was asked as a student to "step back" from the field on two occasions; once in a large bowel resection performed by an Oncology Surgeon, and once in a Neuro Spinal Fusion. I never went back in a surgery with the oncologist, but did return to additional spinal fusions.  I dreaded them each and every time, and attribute my fear and dread to the size of the case and my lack of experience.', "In May 2014, I sat for the national exam for surgical technologists and passed easily.  I applied for an Obstetrical Technician job at the hospital I was working at and was accepted part time.  I had great experiences assisting surgeons and nurses with C/Sections.  I learned along side of residents and students and thankfully was not the target of quizzing, and critiquing. And as much as I enjoyed this job, it was part time and less pay than Surgical Technologists were normally paid due to it being a union position.  I committed to applying for any position posted at any hospital within a 30 mile radius.  I would estimate I applied for 15 positions.  Early July 2014, I received a call from human resources at the hospital I am employed at now.  I interviewed with both HR, the department manager and the educator responsible for the department.  Truthfully, I did not remember exactly what area I was interviewing for but once offered the position was pleased to find out it was a small ambulatory surgery center on the campus of the main hospital and was scheduled for Monday through Friday; no weekends or holidays.  What I wasn't prepared for the dynamics of the working relationships and case mix.  Most of the employees had been hired together 14 years ago and they had all worked with the surgeons for that time period.  A new manager was brought in January 2014, and changes were being made.  Problem employees were let go.  Scrub techs and nurses were rotated rather than being with the same surgeons.  This produced disgruntled surgeons, nurses and scrub techs.  ", 'I oriented throughout the OR in all specialties, especially breast surgeries. This is where my story begins.  My experience and skills evolved and I felt confident scrubbing minor and major cases; minor being lumpectomies, partial and simple mastectomies and duct excisions.  The major cases were mastectomies with sentinel node mapping and biopsies, axillary node dissections and bilateral mastectomies with and without the insertion of tissue expanders.', 'The surgeons had no problem telling me what their expectations were, and correcting me if I did something wrong and most were appropriate. Only one time did I excuse myself from the operative field and cried.  The stress got to me, but so did the tone and delivery of one particular surgeon.  She was demeaning.  She was humiliating. Her words cut to the core, but I dried my tears and went back in the case. The surgeon remarked to my preceptor that she was glad I came back, but the bullying did not end. Each time I did a case, I was picked on and picked apart.  I quizzed my co-workers and found that they did not share my experiences. I could not do anything right with this surgeon, but I kept accepting my assignment and performing it with dread. It set the mood for my whole day. I would go home feeling defeated. She hounded me on not draping fast enough, not having the right instruments, not anticipating effectively, not standing in the right area, moving too much, not moving enough, etc.  Each and every thing, I apologized for,  I tried to engage with her.  I gave her credit and said she had the right to expect excellence.', 'I accepted her behavior until I realized it was personal. This particular incident, in front of the breast "fellow", she yelled at me about moving things and told me I had to fix it.  I was humiliated.  When my case was over, I saw I was assigned to her cases the following day and told the service lead that I would like to be taken out of her room.  She told me it wasn\'t possible and she and I agreed I need to suck it up. The next day, I reported to our room and set up for the case.  I helped retract as the surgeon interacted with  the breast "fellow" about the case and other topics.  At some point the surgeon told me to let go of the retractor, but I was not paying attention and she had to repeat herself.  Again, I did not realize she was talking to me and she smacked my hand.  I immediately looked up at the circulator in the room and we both raised our eyebrows in surprise. I recoiled and apologized.  Having realized what she had done, the surgeon began to thank me and tell me what a great job I had done and that I had improved from the day before. I was dumbfounded as well as humiliated. My feelings and intuition was right on.  I was being bullied at 53 years old, I was being bullied.', 'This just occurred this past week, and I have decided that I am going to request a transfer to another area.
My emotions are racing all over the place if you hate me so much why are you nice to my face? I don't deserve your mistreatment because I'm nice to you. My beauty lives within and you have it too.", "I have been writing a lot of music with my boyfriend lately. I feel bad because I'm very sad all the time because I have so many people in my life who say they love me, care about me or people who befriend me treat me like shit.", "I have a hard time understanding why, and I honestly do not know what I do. Sometimes I drive myself crazy thinking I am a horrible person and deep down I know I'm not. I'm a happy fun loving big hearted person who unfortunately gets used and taken advantage of. I have a hard time understanding why the world can be so cold but I am striving to not turn into an ugly person on the inside. I want to spread positive enegry and not feel alone.
I had spent the majority of my life dealing with bullying, from kindergarten all the way through college. As an adult you never think you will become the victim of bullying once again but that is exactly what happened to me.', 'I worked at a local Walmart in my area and the few first weeks were ok as I worked with someone who was very nice, but then I was switched to a different department. The girl who was supposed to be training me took an instant dislike to me and started belittling me. She soon made things a nightmare.', 'I was switched to another department and once again found myself a target of another bully. This was a woman who was older then me. I went in tears to my supervisors who immediately corrected the situation and then moved me to a different department.', "I was made an overnight cashier and thought things would be different. I liked being a cashier but one of my supervisors started bullying me. I couldn't believe it here I was a grown woman who may have been a bit shy but worked hard and there she was the bully who was around my mothers age.", 'The bully immediately started in on me and began saying I was too stupid to be a cashier. She then started belittling me in front of my co-workers and then in front of the customers.', 'I had enough and went to my supervisors who documented it and spoke to her. It finally ended when she was caught trying to steal my work file and was fired. The bullying finally stopped and I was allowed to finally have some peace.']
How to deal with a "bully" (nasty sort, intimidator) "turn the other cheek" / which means (THIS was a tough hurdle to get over; as I was taught …authority handles everything that is difficulty…we do not \'make waves\' with those we work with. NOT SO anymore. I was taught (or brainwashed) that worker is to be subordinate and trust authority…and that good authority does want to know when there is any form of difficulty in doing the job hired to do. ', "NOT SO ANYMORE. Knowing 'the wounded worker' mindset that is NOW … who do not know God or Good Authority ways nor respect that authority 'in us' / we must go direct  and speak direct to the enemy of good behavior. We don't come down to their way of speaking; we are gracious and 'with mind' to teach they who are know nots. (even if they do know what they do) We assume they are truly ignorant of social graces. ", "SPEAK IT DIRECT 'graciously' / using the bullies own 'weapon tactic' -- we wait til the external authority they 'see' is out of room… then we approach 'brother or sister' (when they have not their support system) …Excuse me; I am a bit perplexed by your response about 15 minutes ago…can you explain why ….DON'T come down to their level. Never raise voice, speak graciously, start with praise even…but DO NOT FALL FOR THE EMOTIONALISM that a low class bully is about. (they in using emotions to intimidate are but instruments of the evil one…mature people (adults) NEVER need to raise a voice. ", "By going direct it is they … who will either back off and begin to respect us 'in their understanding of respect' (street respect is don't get pushed around or don't be DISSED.) They don't know 'goodness' outright…we need to show we 'know' the score. If they are personally offended by 'our firmness to them' IT IS THEY who will need to run to authority (and they do know THEY CAN'T EITHER) But if they do; and authority favors them…THEN GUESS WHAT …it will be authority who needs to address the situation (they can't ignore the complaints of some) but…they need a reason that is substantial to 'terminate' (and a gripe in this case won't do it) NEVER GET ANGRY BE GRACIOUS…turn the tables on the bully and put their back to the wall - let them complain and give reason for their complaint…'in writing' which they will not do. (so WE WIN) ", "Know the GAME BEING PLAYED …and somewhat play by their game rules. It is a backward world….but c'est la vie… be shrewd as a serpent and simple as a dove. A peace loving dove. NEVER A WIMP OR DOORMAT THOUGH.", 'This is to turn the other cheek and make our nemesis examine their own spirit.', "IT'S TRICKY…but it can be done.
Knowing I am not alone, reading other\'s stories, got me through. I survived a very passive-aggressive supervisor for 13 years. She had a velvety voice, and a "Pollyanna" presentation which hid her overwhelming desire for control. And she wielded "nice" like a weapon, telling people what she thought they wanted to hear all the while, scheming and manipulating everyone around her. She would brag about how she always got what she wanted, one way or another. And from the start, she made it clear that what she didn\'t want, was a capable, mature, knowledgable person under her who might pass her by. No one could know more than her. For the people willing to kow-tow to her ego, she turned a blind eye. Time sheets were openly fudged, sick time totally abused, and one lucky staff had so little work, or attention paid, he completed all his graduate schoolwork while at work, allowing him time to also run a side business. Questioning these practices was a huge no-no, covered up by the Director - good guy, but totally disconnected- and she wrapped him around her finger. She even spent almost 5 years denying she was the supervisor- unit had no direction except for the ones she enjoyed pursuing. ', 'Then a new Director came, here was the true psychopath. Aggressive, and completely ambitious - in love with power and prestige- and all her actions were to promote her own glory. She gained a perfect Toady in the supervisor. There was no place for a capable person who preferred processes, policies and fairness. I was completely tag teamed by the two of them on the auspice that my duties required them to jointly supervise me. I developed hypertension and required medication for that and anxiety just to get through the day. I cried all the way to work and all the way home, day after day. My work suffered and my family was distressed and tired of my inability to function.', 'I did have two saving factors:  an employment contract and good notes. They were so intent on "constructively discharging" me they put me on a fast track. I filed a grievance with HR and the Dean for bullying. All of my witnesses were so terrified for themselves, they self-protected. But my notes were good, and breaking my contract was clearly a lawsuit in the making. If I had resigned, I would have gotten nothing. By hanging in, as hard as it was, I have a decent severance pkg, an official status as a "Retiree" and my blood pressure is down 10 points, and I am coming off the anxiety meds. I have a part time job which looks like it may soon go to full time. I still have moments where it all comes back but I survived, lived to tell about it and am moving on. Life is good.
I worked ten years at a job and the last five were filled with verbal, mental, and a few times even physical abuse. This is my story. When I started my job I told my boss that I had a head injury when I was younger and ultimately my brain also was injured and it left me kind of emotional and that I do not like to joke around, name call or any of the things that close quarter people may act like.', "That was a series mistake on my part. About 3 years into my job I was hit on my way to work at a red light and it completely destroyed my spine, I went to the hospital and the doc wrote me a note to be on light duty and I needed a month off, no question, but how do you do that when you're the only employee? So for the next year I had appointments and my boss was semi OK with it but it got to the point were I wasn't healing and after about six hours I would be completely in pain like fire and if I said anything he would work me till dark just to prove he was strong and I was weak.", "There wasn't any real abuse yet but after the city yr I met a woman who came to work with us. She was 15 years my senior and we hit it off good but as the a little time wore on I find out she was friends with his wife from school which I thought that nothing could go wrong but I was way off. It ended that my boss had a secret crush on her for years and he would get mad over nothing then proceed  to explain to me everybody she had slept with in the past.", 'He would be mean and nasty about it many times at work purposely making me cry many, many times he would make have to leave the docks in tears to go cry in the bathroom, constantly pointing out her flaws telling me that she was trash and I was too for being with her. Hardly trash she was a retired homicide detective.', 'His insistent negativity destroyed a relationship. You might ask, "why did I stay working?" Well, I felt weak; I was injured and mentally broken; I felt stuck. So after the destruction I ended up on my own.', "During this time period I didn't have much left so if I got new shoes or clothes or sunglasses. He would, out in front of people say, how far did you have to chase that faggot to get those shoes; what queer did you beat up to get that shirt and so on—daily.", "One day we had a job that he was doing as a favor and moving boat batteries is what it involved with two people I still could hardly lift one much less backwards up a teak staircase. I pleaded with him that I wouldn't be able to do it. I got a whole bunch of crap for it and then he hit me with the loyalty scam. I felt cornered, no way out. Four batteries into it I crushed my spine, got a hernia and tore my minuscus. He would not take me to the hospital and threatened me not to claim Workman's Comp.", 'So my dad took me and when they asked I said he told not to claim so no claim. I couldn\'t hardly move much less work. Well, the nit-picking started, threatening me with taking money for trivial stuff or making me work for less at his house if I broke or lost some wax or supplies, very trivial stuff, and if I looked or said anything about being in pain he would say to the customer "he has female in him, he\'s a female," daily.', "One day came were he was picking and threatening money off of my check I yelled stop and when I looked forward again he karate chopped me in the throat and in an instant I fired back to get him off and jumped out of a moving truck. Then, to my horror, before I could call help he had called his best bud who is a commander on a police force, someone there to protect me actually didn't.", 'He was put on speaker phone and said, "you better go back to work with him or I will send a deputy to take you to jail." I was crushed. I just wanted to run out in front of a car and end it but fortune shined on me and I didn\'t. He took all work away from me and fired me. So I started my own business.', 'He bullied me by stopping in the road or where he could to yell, cuss and belittle me till I was too paranoid to go outside much less run a business were I would see my bully on a daily basis still.', "I've been broken over this  but just maybe I can be one of the healed I hope.", 'Thank you for your time.', 'Broken
I work at a bar and I am having trouble with a girl I work with... I will refer to her as G. I will start with G's past. She has told me she has had a bad childhood. Her mum was a drunk and smoking weed. Recently she has had cancer so G and her mum now get on. Her dad abandoned her as a child and is very rich. In G's recent life she has been raped and attacked by different men.", 'She has been fooling around with the chef who is engaged.  Which is fine, none of my business, but it has started to go sour and I started to worry about her. When I spoke about it with her she laughed it off but made me more concerned. So I mentioned it to the line manager in private and voiced my concerns. The line manager has had a chat with her and now G has threatened to report me to the police and head office for bullying. ', "I don't know what to do... Am I bullying? I thought I was doing the best thing.
I am being mobbed everywhere, it's affecting my life at large. I have lost 6 jobs for mobbing. Now the 7th one is in danger. I need legal help. If I go for attorney, will it cost a lot to me? Can I represent myself?
I'm a middle aged woman and have been working with my company for 8 1/2 years. My boss's admin has been trying to intimidate for the last two months. We used to be friendly. ", "In August we were in the hallway talking about a TV show we both like. Someone was coming down the hallway and she had her back to him. Since we were in the middle of the hall way I said - watch out. My meaning was I wanted us both to step aside to let him pass since we were taking up the space in the hall and no one could pass us. She took offense to that. Started yelling at me. I tried to explained myself and she stormed off. Later on in the day I went over to her and spoke to her. We each explained ourselves. She told me she doesn't move over for anyone and I said I was just being polite. She suggested we agree to disagree. We shook hands on that and I thought the matter was resolved. I took the high road and was nice to her. She would ignore me unless someone else was around. She would glare at me and tried staring me down when she saw me. I continued to ignore it and continued to be pleasant to her.", 'Then on Monday morning we were on opposite sides of a glass door. I stepped aside to let her through first - which I would have done regardless of who was on the other side of the door. She opened the door and her face contorted and she hit me on my hand. My arms were down and my hands were at my side. I was taken aback and said "you just hit me" her response was "I have no idea what you\'re talking about" and walked away. The receptionist was there but when I asked her about it she said she was looking at her computer screen and didn\'t see what happened.', 'My question is should I try to reason with her, report her to management or let it go. I think she is emotionally disturbed and fear her behavior will escalate if I say something.
Being a motivated and enthusiastic member of staff I applied for a promotion. Three members of staff were interviewed. During the interview I was prevented from answering two questions by the same manager. No member of HR present in the interview. I was called and told the person they gave the job to scored more highly than myself on the interview questions.', 'Some time later an acting up position was advertised. I applied. The manager called me to say they had decided not to bother with the post as they had decided to manage the off duty with the staff they already had in post. The following day HR sent me an email saying the post had been with drawn due to a lack of interest.', "Following this I had decided to come off night duty following negotiation with occupational health. Immediately the acting up post was advertised again but I was told I could not apply because I don't do nights anymore. In discussion with a senior member of staff dealing with terms and conditions of employment I revealed my experience who told me I was being discriminated against and that was not allowed.", 'Thinking back to the overall experience I began to feel rejected and hurt. My husband suggested I had a chat with one of the managers as to why this was happening as if I was doing something they did not like I should know about it so I could correct it. This led to a meeting with managers where I was told I needed to get my health up to scratch! I had not had any time off sick for 12 months prior to this. The manager told me that I worried her. I asked why I worried her? Her reply was because you are raking things up from almost 2 years ago. The manager then turned on me and asked why I did not work night duty anymore and decided that she would send me back to occupational health to get this decision reviewed.', 'I had asked for support from the union representative who said she was going to refer me to occupational health. When I asked on what grounds she said "health." When I said "but my health is fine since I came off night duty" she then said "your mental health." This was the very person who was also a manager but was supposed to be my union representative... and so it goes on!
I'm an account manager for a financing company, and I've been with the company for a little over ten years. I was promoted, and moved to a new branch 3.5 years ago. From the beginning, I never really felt comfortable with the my new coworkers, and more importantly my new manager. The manager was passive aggressive, in that she seldom said hello in the mornings, but I didn't pay much attention to this, as she seemed to do it to others as well. I've always managed to get satisfactory and fair reviews of my work, and the raise and bonus that came along with it.", "Most of my coworkers were fine, and I got along with mostly everybody, with the exception of one lady. She would make rude comments and act above everybody else. She constantly needed the attention to be on her, and I realized something was wrong with her, when I caught her laughing in the parking lot when a coworkers car would not start. She seemed to take pleasure in others peoples grief. She began stopping by my office frequently, and at one point she began crying saying how bad things were for her. I didn't realize it at that point, but this was a pity play, a common tactic of sociopaths. I noticed that she would want to try to control what I was doing, and trying to manipulate me by being super nice, one day and extremely mean the next. I had enough, and decided to keep away from her. I only spoke to her if I met face to face with her in the hallway. This was a big mistake. ", "I didn't realize it at the time, but this is considered to be a threat at being exposed by these people. Shortly after, I noticed that the people she was closest to me began treating me differently. They would laugh as I went by, or I would have rude remarks thrown at me. I managed to keep my calm, with one exception, when I told one of her friends, that she shouldn't be controlled by other people. After this, more people from my branch were recruited. It wasn't limited to my department. Everyday it stung a little more when I would have the same insult or innuendo thrown in by a new recruit. I tried my best to avoid these people, with the hope that they would stop when they could not get a rise out of me. With time, I noticed that at our regional meetings, people we're acting differently towards me, I would see people turn away from me, or look at me with contempt. I just basically denied it and went about my work.", "This spring things were not improving, so I applied for an opening available with a team headed by my old manager. I went through tests, and 3 interviews spanning close to two months, only to be told, I did not get the job. I stuck with my job, and things seemed to calm down, and became more manageable. I began feeling like the worst was behind me, and would go weeks with things being seemingly normal. I found out that a coworker just became accredited to do the same job that I hold, and was sent out to training. I didn't pay much attention to it at the time. ", "WE learned a few months ago that our department was being merged with another. There were rumors going around that jobs would be cut, but we were assured by new management that this would not be the case. I forged on, doing well at my work. Last month the coworker who got accredited, went on sick leave. He apparently didn't take it well when no new position was available for him even though the company spent lots of money on his training. This last month the bullying is back, but this time, it's my manager who is taking the lead. She will laugh when she sees me in the hallway, and when we have one on one meetings. She is beginning to bring up errors that I'm making on irrelevant stuff, laughing as she tells me stuff. She is trying to gaslight me to make me out to be crazy. She also comes around to see where I am at with my sales objectives, stating that her boss wants to know. She never bugged me with stuff like that before. I'm also being ignored by people who I consider to be the closest to. They won't even look at me, and just walk by my office. I was at regional meeting, this week, and people would not sit close to me. One of them made a crazy face, at me when I said hi.", "I've never gotten written or verbal warnings ... yet, but the writing is on the wall. I think I've become expendable, with the downsizing, and them having a cheaper salaried employee trained and ready to take my job. There is correlation between the smear campaign initiated by the sociopath, and the actions by my manager. Basically, I feel like my reputation as been ruined, and the OK has been given to get rid of me. I kick myself for not getting that position I applied for. Being without work now would be extremely difficult on my finances, so I'm stuck waiting for the other shoe to fall. I have problems concentrating, I don't sleep well, and it's all I think about. I have anxiety attacks, about applying for different jobs, and being blacklisted because of this. I don't want to believe it, I still try denying it it, but too many things add up. Every morning I wake up feeling like crap wondering what the hell I will live through today. This was a dream job for me, and my friends and family don't really know what I'm really going through. I feel ashamed to tell them, like somehow, they would blame me. If I were truly as crazy as they make me out to be, they would fire me. They obviously don't have the grounds to. Yet I still feel uncomfortable discussing with family. Thanks for reading. One word of advice, listen to your gut, and leave early on.
This all started at my place of employment.  I expected professionalism from a law enforcement agency.  I was raised in church and taught to respect people especially authority.  I believe my problems at work go as back as 2004.  I noticed rude behavior from the secretaries of the facility managers.  I thought maybe they saw me as a threat since I was much younger and I was motivated to work.  I wasn't trying to take over their position.  It was a temporary assignment until I recovered from my injury.  I got along well with one of the managers or so I thought.  We joked around and had a good time with our conversations.  He even joked one time calling me a show off.  His assignment carried a lot of responsibility and I accepted with open arms.", 'It was Christmas and I thought I\'d give him a gift.  I gave him a coin bank that read, "DIFFICULT EMPLOYEE ASHES" or something to that effect.  Then one day when I walked into his office I noticed his conversation was very short and he rushed out.  I hardly ever saw him after that and he assigned me to another supervisor.  My new supervisor was in charge of "Quality Assurance".  He was very rude and placed all the responsibility on me.  He never left the office.  I didn\'t mind the work but I didn\'t appreciate his behavior.  One of my co-workers noticed his behavior and she did not like it at all.  Slowly I started noticing my co-workers avoiding me and some stop taking to me altogether.  I knew something was wrong because my co-workers always commended me on my work ethics.  The bullying behavior worsened over time.  The behavior was very bad and despite their unacceptable behavior, I kept my composure and remained professional.  I read about my story "Workplace Mobbing in LA County".  ', "At this time, I am receiving Long Term Disability because I was diagnosed by my treating Doctor with PTSD.  I have submitted applications for other positions in other departments trying to return to work.  My applications are not accepted or the position is cancelled.  I'm under surveillance and have been since this started.  I get traffic on my block when there is no need to come through unless you're a resident.  They have parked outside my house or leave red cars.  I had to purchase surveillance cameras and they had to be returned several times because they were and continue to be accessed remotely.  I've made complaints to the PD to no avail.  There is some type of amplifying device that projects sound.  Slamming doors, revving engine, loud systems, helicopters at night and during the day, power tools, speeding, limo tint windows, modified mufflers all illegal and gone unnoticed.  I see it all and it's all for me.  I just finished a certificate program at a public university.  I was bullied by some students and teachers.  I'm attending online classes at a community college up north and I get the same.", 'These bullies behavior like animals.  I say animals because that type of behavior is prominent in the animal kingdom.  I\'m called many names including that of animals.  I\'ve also been referred to as a slave and they will use f"@k n"@&ers.  I also get bullied online on Facebook and YouTube.  I started recording these incidents and posting online.  My community and former friends have access to what happens in my home.  I\'m bombarded with directed energy that causes cancer and all my complaints have fallen on deaf ears.  This world is full of EVIL.  The scripture I John 5:19 sums it up.  "The world is lying in the power of the wicked one".
I have been bullied for 24 years by a male coworker.  He has bullied me constantly and has had other employees include contractor doing the same thing to me.  I'm not sure if it is jealousy that makes people behave this way or not.  I see a doctor almost every week for this and on medicine.  I don't know why people like to cause other people pain and get a thrill out of it.  He also says he is Christian.  My other female bully has said that also.   Bullies have no conscience.
I am working at ***** (fast food retailer), and my boss scold every staff in the workplace every single day, even if it was just a very minor mistake. Sometimes she would say hurting words like 'why are you so stupid?' Or 'use your common sense' when correcting our mistakes. One day when I was telling her something, she said I was talking rubbish. And when I wanted to explain about something I have made, she would ask me to stop giving excuses. And yesterday she said she could die working with us... And all those hurting words never end in the workplace!", "This has affected my life so bad. I couldn't sleep well thinking all those words spoken by her, and going to work with fear every single day. I am hoping to get a better job, but I don't know how to resign from my workplace. :(
I have volunteered for this nonprofit organization for several months now.  Everyone in the board was elected by the stakeholders.  We are all equal in status, only different in title and role.  None of us get paid for this, not even the president.  Yet, this is how this president wrote to his board member.', 'In his own words...  ', '"You are a soldier, it\'s no brainer that you must obey authority and follow the proper chain of command and know your place..."', '"I made the point I need to make as president to an insubordinate (and non-performing) director.  It\'s not my habit to answer to stupid, groundless accusations or personal attacks."', '"As for your immature, disruptive and irresponsible behavior, I have tolerated it in the name of unity and in order to focus my time and attention on solving bigger organizational problems and implementing important community projects."', "Honestly, what he said is not true, but nonetheless, it hurts the member psychologically and emotionally.  It's insulting and humiliating.  ", 'What to do with this president?  Please ADVICE!!!
I was hired into a full-time town position in August of 2011 after being in a part-time position for a year. The elected official actually called me on the phone and offered me the position. ', "Everything seemed to be working well until a third person was hired into the part-time position I had vacated. From then on, this same boss would talk down to me, try to intimidate me with her position, and lie through her teeth. She has given me a verbal warning on one occasion, and has now tried to give me two written warnings, only my union rep was present with the most recent one being this weekend, right before I went on vacation. I am the only person targeted for making a mistake in my office. No one else gets write-ups or verbal warnings that go into their permanent files. I should be enjoying my vacation, but I'm sitting here thinking about this. It is very hard to let go of.", 'The stress this is causing me is incredible. My self-worth is almost nil, and no matter what I try to do to make anything better, it is always the wrong thing. ', 'If I take a break, I get a meeting with Human Resources, but the part-time girl who is there 4 hours a day take at least 3-4 breaks and has no repercussion. I sit at my desk all day except to go to the bathroom or to lunch and this one day, I got up and took a 15 minute break, and got a meeting with her and HR. I am seeing an EAP counselor, who even stated it was harassment. ', 'I am trying to be strong and hold it together until another job becomes available. But dear God, I am only so strong. I am aware she is trying to get rid of me. I am very lucky that I work on a day to day basis with my union rep., but even that gets hard too.', "The people I work with have even spoken to the union rep about how she treats me, and the mistakes that she makes. But without throwing them under the bus, it's hard to throw to light. ", "Unfortunately for me, the two major issues, it was I who addressed the problem, and she called the people to find out what happened. Now she turned around and said they called her. When she has a knock down fight with her husband at lunch time or at anytime, she comes into the office and takes it out on me. There were times that I would come into the office and I hadn't even gotten my jacket off and she would start. ", "I know I am all over the place, but this past week, I had two family members die. She tried to tell me that I would have to use comp. time to cover my time out instead of bereavement time, which again was a lie. She didn't do this to the other women in my office, she told them to take as much time as they needed. I took 1/2 day for 1 and 1 day for the other. Our contract allows for more than that. ", "It is very hard to feel worthwhile. Not only do I have a major depression disorder with PTSD, which she doesn't know about. I refuse to tell her. I also have health issues that are aggravated from stress. I have had massage therapists tell me that I need to get rid of the stress. I have tried yoga, meditation, and many other forms, but I can't stop my mind from going back to the cruelty. ", 'I know that it will have to be me who will leave. I am looking for something. Right now though, I am hoping to stay within the overall company, and just a different division. Thank you.
I started this job right before the recession. At first I noticed it was my boss yelling at me all the time over the least little things. She pulled me in her office and proceeded to give me a twenty minute lecture about how she preferred staples over paperclips. I might understand it if she had told me first she preferred staples and then if I brought her something with a paperclip gave me a lecture. ', 'This extended to other employees. My boss actually encouraged others to blame me for their mistakes. We have a third party billing company. If our customers use this company they get a discount on billing and this company guarantees payment to us. ', 'I am not allowed to work with this company. (because I\'m so, you know, "incompetent") My co-worker had a customer who used this third party billing company. She got an order from a customer, and then got an approval number from this third party billing group. Later that same day the customer calls and cancels the order. This employee is then supposed to call 3rd party group and cancel the approval number and then cancel the order in our computer system. She did neither and I wouldn\'t be allowed to cancel these orders because, you know, I am so "incompetent". However, at the end of the day it is my job to take all the paperwork back to accounting, this includes voids.', "So two weeks later when 3rd party billing group calls to complain, I hear my boss telling the other employee that it must be ME... that I must have thrown the paperwork away and therefore it is all my fault. She wouldn't have even given me the paperwork until she canceled it. The fact that it wasn't canceled in our computer system or with the third party billing group is evidence that SHE didn't do it.", 'And on and on... I have many stories like these.', "My problem is I know that there is no recourse. It's a family owned business and I have tried to talk about my bosses behavior with the owner but it's daddy's little girl and no matter how polite I am about it he always takes offense. I have NO self esteem. I need to leave here I'm scared to death about what kind of reference these people are going to give me. Yes I have a bad attitude now. Every time I hear my name being mentioned I jump on the defense. I try not to socialize with other employees. I try to just keep to myself. I'm paranoid all the time. If I am fortunate enough to leave how do I NOT carry this negativity to my future workplace. Help please.
I am a 2,000/hr year volunteer for two nonprofits in my home town in rural Kansas.  Some readers know of my years of nightmare of being the Red Herring diversion and have had countless mobbing attacks that have destroyed two historic buildings our nonprofit was trying to save.  Authorities would turn the other way. Attorneys who tried to help disappeared within weeks, never to return.  Some have told me the attacks increased when  a huge flow of drugs were coming through the county.   ', 'June 2nd, 2014 has been the worst attack I\'ve ever had.  Suddenly that night at the council meeting the police/mayor/city council decided the historic building I was living in was in immediate danger of collapsing.  Our nonprofit had an engineering study done and knew only one end needed repair.  But THEIR engineer only walked around the building, two sides, and wrote a "memorandum" that ordered me to get out immediately.  Before I could walk across the street from the city council meeting, the entire block had been barricaded, and padlocks put on all the door and I was not allowed to enter.  To make a Gestapo story short, I was allowed to retrieve my purse and when I reached for the phone to call an attorney I was brutally attacked by the cop and handcuffed and taken to jail.  Later the Chief came back and had my pet dog killed.', 'When I entered the cell, the four young women asked in shock, "Grandma, what are you doing in here?"  I answered, "Because I am an intelligent woman."  They jumped out of their cots and cried out in unison "So are we, so are we."  Then they told me about the drug cartels running right under our noses for years and how women are often victims to cover crime.', "I bailed myself out (court pending for me beating up a cop--oh please) and things got worse with yet another illegal property attack, too long to detail here, and our nonprofit lost thousands of dollars. And nearly daily bullying by the police.  It was the most horrible thing I've ever been through, and I've been through a lot.  Kansas is so corrupt, there was no help from above.", 'I had a small place to camp out, but no phone, no computer, no food, no nothing....slowly I am rebuilding and have belatedly got our grassroots newspaper to press. (They want to silence the truth, of course)', 'A documentary producer is starting work on the horrors of this life story.  It is complex and will take awhile, but once it is out, the whole world will know of the evil hell in this small Kansas town that began when La Costa Nostra designated a "soldier" here in 1920 who became very wealthy and controlled corruption for his workers for decades.', 'Now recently a retired businessman, tired of seeing the hell I\'ve gone through, told me who has been  behind every one of my hell attacks for decades--a sweet, nice, good ole boy that is the darling of the community, but few know of his sinister, psychopathic nature and all of the Evil that runs through his "front".  I was shocked into disbelief at the name.  But now the pieces fit.  I sense he is about to be  exposed by investigators as the Evil he has done is monumental.  It will rock this town to it\'s core.  To think I took the Red Herring brunt of his "big jobs" that he apparently masterminded is almost impossible to endure.', "When he is caught as he surely will be,  and when the documentary comes out, it will end.  What a terrible road I've traveled but I never gave up hope, knowing that I was doing nothing wrong even when the citizens of the entire County turned against me for years--now many are speaking to me, and healing has begun as they start to understand the Truth.  I honestly do not know how I endured except thru Faith in God, a healthy body, strong constitution and staying true to myself even when as a young woman I was nearly unwittingly ensnared by the Hunts and the CIA.", 'Maybe this will be the start of a small town revolution that will clean up many of our small prairie towns ruined by drugs and the mobbing of elected and appointed the charming, psychopath officials.', 'Find outsider non-toxic support friends--that precious five percent worth knowing--and "stay true to yourself" as a wise therapist told me 20 years ago... and you find the answers right for you and your situation.  And never, never, never give up HOPE.
I was a was a target because I was the type of person who made the decision to be happy everyday, regardless of any circumstance.  I was there for 2 months. About one week after being hired, I began to experience hatred and attitude with 2 female co-workers. They told management lies about every aspect of my performance. I was retaliated against simply for attending a follow-up meeting after hire at managements request. I was open and honest and stated that the women were very difficult. The matters escalated. If one dish was found dirty, all the dishes were pulled and placed in sink for re-washing... If I made a mistake or forgot any little detail... I was confronted with such contempt that I felt horrible. I was called names such as liar and Mr. clean.', 'Ultimately, after several meetings with management, I failed to realize that this was some kind of ousting. I spoke to these women and asked them what they expected of me, I let them know that I had concerns, as I was giving 110%. I never raised my voice, ever. It is not in my nature. They went to management and said I yelled at them and they were in fear for their personal safety. I was loved by literally everyone else there and even offered a supplemental position by H.R, since they loved my performance. I brought the women coffee and flowers on occasion.  I was transferred, then I quit because I was stripped of perm position and all benefits, also I was now an on-call. DISHWASHER?!?!', "I was humiliated, it had major effects on my health... I had surgery shortly after all this happened, and it took me twice as long to recover... I was downright agoraphobic, I suffer panic attacks, have depression... I've developed Fibromyalgia and the list goes on.
I worked as a bookkeeper in a Legal and Conveyancing Office in my hometown for 14 years. Unfortunately, although I knew something was obviously wrong, I stayed there for far too long. I couldn’t comprehend that people could treat each other in such a mean, nasty and devious manner. This abhorrent conduct towards me crept up stealthily probably in the first couple of years of my employment. This treatment made me feel like a loser.', 'There were two main bullies in the office – One being the Boss and the other was a staff member. I would describe the male boss as a narcissist. The female staff bully would collude with the boss to make my working life unpleasant, obviously with the intention to eradicate me. I now know once they choose you as their target, they will continue their mistreatment until they rid you from the office. The staff bully would be pleasant to my face, but as soon as my back was turned she would say underhanded things about me. I should have wised up earlier as she often ‘bitched’ about other co-workers in the office. It was obvious somebody was running to the boss, when I was out of earshot, as the boss would approach me maliciously for things that I had thought I had innocently expressed in private.', 'The bullying/mobbing I experienced was very subtle and probably not all that obvious to the outsider. This insidious behavior crept up on me slowly over time. By the time I realized something was terribly wrong, it was too late and my days/months/years (depending on how long I would put up with it) were numbered.', 'The rest of the staff, which was about 10 or so, soon followed the bullies’ lead, which I now know as ‘mobbing’. I was the target and there would be nothing I could do to change that. Even the staff members, who I thought I got along with, seemed to change in their attitude towards me. I could sense that something had shifted and they seemed disinterested in anything I had to say. So eventually I had nobody to turn to and therefore felt very isolated. It seemed as though there was some malicious rumor going around about me and that I was not worth knowing. As far as I was aware I had done nothing wrong. I could not understand why they would choose me to victimize.', 'This is a sample of some of the things I experienced at work:', '• When entering the office in the morning everybody received a warm “good morning (name)”, from the boss. All I received was a cold unsmiling “hello” if I could not be avoided, or no hello or good morning at all. I gave up saying ‘good morning’ over time, after receiving no response.', '• The only time the boss used my name was when he yelled out to me from his office when he wanted me for something. I was then to attend his office to find out what he wanted.', '• The boss did not direct or instigate any conversation with me, but spoke to the other staff members, in a friendly manner, whilst I was in the room.', '• Exclusion – I was not invited to some events by co-workers, at their home or charity events in the office. I felt very sad and very isolated.', '• Not invited to the new bank premises, even though I attended there nearly every day. A couple of the Solicitors were invited instead, even though they had very little to do with the bank.', '• I would be Invited to a work lunch by the boss, but then ignored.', '• Excessive workload – kept piling the work up even though it was impossible to complete the tasks given. I wrote a long letter pleading my case, but it did not make any difference.', '• Another employee was employed to assist with my job without my knowledge. I thought that this was unfair, so I mentioned it to some of the staff (including the bully). The boss later came and yelled at me and said “It is my business I can do what I want”. I was then asked to show the new employee what I did, even though I didn’t have time. I had an uneasy feeling that by teaching her what I knew that I was doing myself out of a job. I was right to feel that way. She was told by the boss what a great job she was doing – I was never told that.', '• The staff chatted and talked loudly to each other, or on the phone, most of the day, which I found problematic because I couldn’t concentrate on my enormous workload. The boss did erect some boards to absorb the noise, on one wall, but of course, they made no difference. There was not much conversation directed at me and when I spoke the staff were all of a sudden too busy to listen and a lot of the time turned their backs.', '• I purchased an ipod, at my own expense, so I could block out the noise. The boss then told me if we had a fire or an emergency I would not hear it, so he seemed to begrudge me using it.', '• Eventually the boss allowed me to listen to my ipod, but did not appear happy about it. It seemed he didn’t like it because it was a solution and not his idea. I didn’t really think it was an acceptable solution, but I felt like I had no other choice. I was also told there was no other location in the office that I could work in. I therefore was forced to stay where I was in an extremely noisy atmosphere.', '• The staff would not provide me with their work hours, which made it difficult to do their weekly pay. Doing the pays was another task that was thrust upon me, when I couldn’t cope with the massive workload I already had.', 'I then had to spend time going to the staff individually to get their hours, which was time consuming. I was told by the boss to give them normal pay unless they advised me otherwise.', 'The boss was not forthcoming in providing me with the information to do the pays effectively. He appeared agitated when I asked for help on how to complete some of the tasks and did not spend the time to instruct me properly.', '• I wasn’t included in some of the teachings of a new computer program. Only invited to attend some of the lessons even though I was expected to do the work, but had little understanding of how it was supposed to operate as was not asked to attend or included in all the lessons.', '• One of the bookkeeping programs was set up on the computer downstairs so I could work down there without any interruptions. When completed I was told by the boss that it took me too long, even though I was very pleased with my accomplishment in the short time allocated.', '• The boss often accused me of things and blamed me for things that were not my fault. He was highly, unnecessarily critical of me.', '• The boss did not stick up for me when difficult clients were verbally abusing me on the phone. Tended to let me take the rap and implied that it was my fault.', '• I needed his signature, especially for the trust account, on numerous occasions so I could complete my tasks. I would put the paperwork in his tray for the signatures. He would sometimes return them late causing great angst and further complications for myself.', '• I was expected to attend the bank to obtain bank cheques for the Conveyancing staff, which resulted in me falling behind in my other tasks.', '• Many clients would deposit funds directly into the bosses trust (bank) account and some of these were to be invested. It was very confusing and time-consuming when there was no reference. The boss did not insist on references, making my work more difficult. Being Trust monies I did not want to allocate it incorrectly. It appeared that the boss was deliberately making my job more difficult than it needed to be.', '• Was not included in a performance review. I did receive a pay rise, but it seemed like I was deliberately avoided in any conversation, assessment or appraisal. The pay rise was never mentioned to me. It just appeared in my weekly pay as the boss made the computer adjustment. It appeared from what the other staff said (not directly to me) that they had had the opportunity for a formal appraisal.', '• Informed on a few occasions that the boss had been saying negative things about me behind my back.', 'On my last day at work an incident was intentionally directed at me, by the boss, in front of co-workers, which was extremely humiliating – I was seated at my desk and the boss was standing over me, shaking his finger and berating me in a raised voice, which I found to be belittling, intimidating, demeaning, degrading and it was done in an accusatory and offensive manner – all for something that was not my fault.', 'It was obvious that this was his way of forcing me out. I left the office and was extremely shaken and upset by this treatment. Not one staff member stood up for me or followed up on my wellbeing. I had worked there for 14 years. It is now nearly a year ago.', 'Initially I was relieved but I found I could not sleep, felt anxious, would startle easily, got headaches, heart palpitations and I did not want to be alone. It felt like some sort of grieving process.', 'To this day I do not understand why I was the target of such hostile and unfriendly behavior. I find that this undermining conduct erodes your self-esteem I have a fear that it may happen again if I can gain the courage and are lucky enough to land another job, especially with no reference.', 'My biggest regret is that I didn’t leave sooner. I am now 52 and unemployed.', 'Thank you for this opportunity to express some of what happened to me. I find it therapeutic and strangely enough, a comfort to know I am not alone and that this insidious treatment does happen to many others. I wish them well.
I have written a few articles on this site. I thank the site owner for posting all of them.', "In all my posts; if any have been reading them; I speak a lot of God, Spirit, and the Spiritual way to live; contrary to that 'worldly' way (which is really the immature and non spirited …'SELF CENTERED' and albeit; insecure way. ", 'So maybe I should write who GOD is.  God is A SPIRIT (of course)', "First; He is NOT noisy. He likes quiet.  What is the 'world' ? NOISY. Loud and Noisy. Maybe some of you play Rock and Roll…LOUDER the better and your parents yelling TURN IT DOWN. Why? It disturbs the peace and when peace is disturbed GOD can't be heard; and 'mistakes' happen. And basically; whether bullies know it or not; they aim to disturb the peace of another so the other makes some mistake. Our entire society is always PLUGGED IN to something…tv, internet, laptop, cell phone, instant messaging, Music ANYTIME, go in a store and a TV is blaring. Sounds 'futuristic?' … In truth; it's all DEVILISH …using some humans to DISTURB peace and become unsettled. Make errors and 'forget God' ", "God does not move SUPER FAST …slow and steady wins the race. So what does 'the world' do? FAST FAST FAST…NOW NOW NOW. Everything is milliseconds and if too slow; NOT GOOD. (and mistakes happen) ", "God is always other centered. Most bullies are self absorbed in 'their world' and 'their promotions, career advances, their personal life and personal possessions. They work…only to HAVE … Having is good; called blessing; but be careful it doesn't consume your very soul. ", "GOD is knowledge (all knowing) So; while we aren't all knowing; the more we know; the more control we have over our own life and 'bullies' have little control. A bully knows VERY LITTLE; they just put on a good show. ", 'It used to be very easy to work because overall; everyone had a general understanding of good.  ', "PEACEFUL, QUIET, work environments, steady work and enough for all, wages that fit the worker's experience, a secure worker population who wasn't afraid to help someone else; who was new or needed to know ", "If bullying is DOMINANT…guess what folks? it was not GOD who moved from us; but 'THE MAJORITY' who moved away from GOD. ", "The answer? RAISE THEM BACK UP…by YOUR GODLY ACTIONS. Do not imitate them, ignore them if one has to, be 'self controlled' (different from COOL) and WALK with confidence but not haughty…be friendly but just friendly enough; God does not reveal ALL THINGS to just any…TRUST  must be shown by their actions towards us. (The Lord did not tell the  meaning of parables to just any) ", "In a word…CARRY THE CROSS and stay IN the world with THE PRESENCE OF GOD. 'THE DEVIL' is trying hard to KICK GOD OUT OF ALL ASPECTS OF EARTHLY LIFE…and we can't let him win. ", "By another's fruit do we know one another…AND proceed with caution towards all (but be friendly)
I was once studying at a University somewhere in my home country Australia.', 'During that time I experienced a lot of underhand tactics and indirect bullying which lead to a complete breakdown of my mental health. The trouble was that officially complaining was the worst thing I could have done as it allowed the University to redress me as compromised and therefore able to be further targeted.', 'Later I discovered that many other people have experienced what I had at this University. It is notorious for its bullying and hazing culture. ', 'In retrospect I think it is always far smarter to walk away from a workplace bully earlier rather than later. It is not selfish or egotistical to trust your own instincts about your surroundings. ', "Some people are born and bred on harm and don't mind hurting you to prove it.", "If you don't trust your boss or colleague and have reasonable grounds to question their conduct then you must honour your own life and health and leave. The bully then moves on to another victim before eventually self destructing. ", 'I take no pleasure in admitting that this is what happens to bullies but it does. Their ultimate victim is themselves. Just be smart and step to one side and let them go to their fate.', "The best advice for recovering from bullying is to make sure you are completely removed from the bully's influence. ", 'Secondly be patient and kind to yourself as you rebuild your life. It is hard at the start but kindness is the true elixir of life. Fortune or dread; they are still options, pick fortune no matter if things seem really awful or dark.', 'Eventually you will emerge stronger and more aware of how to avoid a bully in the future. Look for obvious signs of sociopathic behaviour in others and avoid them completely if possible.', 'We are all in this world together. Some may consider others only useful for exploitation for personal gain. I disagree heartily.  In refusing the bully what they think they are entitled to allows me to honour my own beliefs and values. ', 'Something is only valuable if it is shared equally. A bully will never understand this but they must respect what I believe in.
I worked for three years and some months at a Government Agency. I did outstandingly well for three of those years, getting great appraisals and three formal awards. I got along well with coworkers and management. In fact, I had letters and emails from management and coworkers stating I\'d "gone above and beyond." I became a lead on a very important project and was receiving a lot of positive visibility at the executive level. ', 'Suddenly all of that changed when I was moved to a new manager. It\'s a long story, but "Jane" had nothing but criticism for work other managers praised. Then she assaulted me, grabbing my arm as I left a meeting. When I complained, I suddenly found myself getting chased out of the agency by Jane\'s manager and other executives. They made baseless accusations against me, then tried to discipline me with a multi-day suspension. To make a long story short, it took legal intervention to clean up my good record. I was still forced to leave the agency. ', "It's been six months. I hope I'm not so severely disabled that I won't be able to go back to work, but I seem to have all the classic symptoms of PTSD.
I was bullied from 2006 to about 2010 by USPS. I got the bullying to stop after 1,000 of dollars in legal fees. I never got back. So I'm creating a documentary entitled Special Delivery the BULLY exposed. Web site is ", ' learn more about it. ', '.
Cat and Mouse… be a positive, business like BUSINESS person. That's who management hired; or wanted to hire. Do not tell jokes, do not try to be 'witty', not even if secure in job after many years. Smile when others share humor or DON'T SMILE… if the joke is in poor taste or you just don't get it… shrug it off and begin speaking of the reason you came to their desk area. Never laugh at an 'off color' joke.", 'Do not attempt to over do personality but be who you are. If quiet; accept yourself. If talkative… to begin a job; bring it down a notch or two or three. Talk will hang you.', "Do not fall in with gripers. Positive Positive Positive and SOLUTION finder (but ask first don't just implement a solution no matter how common sense it is)", 'Remember: people today are walking wounded. Yes; dare I use the word SIN. They fell victim to it or were touched by it. Sins burden the soul when they are not released in appropriate ways (via prayer and resolve to amend and when they lack Spirit understanding and make themselves GOD).', "The luggage folks carry in to work: drug rehabilitated or a family member in such program or WORSE 'not drug rehabilitated' but 'still addicted', they come divorced (it leaves a wound; however it came to be… it is a form of rejection of them) they come separated, they come without any commitments of love but simply 'share an abode' with another, (non committal in personal life will not see commitment to duty in work as good either… they will be self centered as they are 'in the home'). They come wounded by overindulgence and debt ridden (credit cards), they come with shallow esteem UPPED by the car they drive, and are in debt for, or their fashions worn, they come with half kids and step kids to support, support but not necessarily love. They come from bad home lives as kids, or so they perceive. They come with jealousy, pride (bad pride) arrogance, they come with unresolved anger (mostly at themselves).", 'Kindness, Gentleness, Contentment, Happy (DOWN DEEP) compassion and patience (aka mature of spirit) are just NOT present. These are Godly attributes and they do not exist in a humanistic secular culture.', 'Pity.
I have read the stories of bullying here… and I haven't a doubt they have all happened. I do understand when some say they will never get 'over' this event. It is so unbelievable how people could be so bad, ill tempered, nasty, manipulative. ", "The first step in recovery is the 'getting out' (at the hands of the employer who wants to make you believe YOU were the cause of your own difficulties. They point a subjective finger at you and push you out the door. They won't listen. They don't care, and they don't remember all the GOOD stuff you did for them. (show up every day on time, quality work, the many you worked with who did work cooperatively with you, the 'evidence' in your favor is overwhelming and yet they treat you 'as if' you are the bad one. OUCH …that does sting. (a moment of spirit reflection here would be good; who else have you heard of who was accused unjustly and made to suffer yet did nothing to deserve that suffering) ", "But… the suffering time is over and now the re-building and 'rising' begins. ", "Give your own self time. I suggest either journaling all thoughts in a book, getting the feelings out for your own self or emailing yourself so you can re-read your words again 'from a new perspective the 2nd and third time.'  If you have an email buddy willing to let you send to him or her …go ahead and do so…such a good friend will not comment back (or maybe a line or two) but it is important to 'share what happened in some way' (journal, email one CLOSE confidante, or talk to a CLOSE person in your life) This to me is better than seeing a 'therapist' who will do the same…but charge you for it. ", "So write out the  feelings as they come but try to get back to YOUR LIFE as much as possible. Go to family events, stay quiet if quiet or talk as always, take a course in a community college (where you are with others but don't necessarily have to interact directly with them), learn something new, get involved in some cause you care about not in a big way just ring a doorbell hand out literature, sell raffle tics at your faith practice church, be with your kids if they are young …go to their ball games and assist in some way; if only keeping the team supplies in order.", "If you feel like BLAAH some days; have the luxury to say I just want to read, watch tv (fun show) or play around on computer today. Don't go driving, don't go near people. Be alone. Or just walk to the store and buy a treat for yourself. (special sandwich or food you like, special ice cream treat) Stay from the negative folk which is usually found in the 'bar scene' …don't go that route; it will make things worse not better. TREAT yourself in a positive way.", "I do suggest getting back to SPIRIT and PRAYER time or if involved in such; go more often to sit in the quiet of church …and let the Spirit show you your good qualities, talk to HIM, let 'the blessings' you have come to mind and accept that idea as TRUTH (differing from what employer judged you and said you were) Read that good book and see if any words jump off page…reflect on how it  relates to 'the moment you are in' ", "Some folks will tell you to 'close the book' … easier said then done; there will be 'flashbacks' of woulda coulda and shoulda… and that will bring some anger at yourself / put it in an email to yourself or in a journal or yell in the privacy of your home (not too loud) just 'talk to yourself' if you must in private and shed some tears…but then…just DO SOMETHING positive FOR YOU. It's all  God at work…helping you to come to understanding about human nature; your own and the bully and bullies.", "If you stay connected to YOUR LIFE and little by little push that OTHER out of it in mind…as you get 'busy doing for you' … you will feel stronger. You will feel GOOD again. So good about ALL YOU HAVE going for you; that you, good person you are…will do what that other in first paragraph did when he was  accused most unjustly. You will FORGIVE them in their 'lack' (and ignorance) and ask God to HELP THEM to 'see' …and YOU will be taking part with the  one who reconciled all BACK TO GOD (which is all the work of God and not  any of us…all we can do …who 'know the way' to good living; is to pray for God's grace to bring this other one to amend and 'repent'/ I recommend 2nd  Corinthians 5:18. ", "In your suffering; you  can find THE GO(O)D of life again; and God will show you where 'you weren't always as you should be' with Him…and He will show you your 'faults and weaknesses' that you ask forgiveness (there's a way in my faith practice that works better than any counseling session) and with living that forgiveness…you are able to pray GOD shed light on 'your bully' that they too find GOD…and also repent and be different. ", "Rejoice if God believed in your strength so much, that He put a difficult person in your path of good living. You are part of 'the work' of THE PERFECT ONE who IS THE ONE who reconciles all back to Himself. Changing 'the world' happens when WE pray for 'our enemies' / do not enable bad to come to society by acting always in good ways and honoring objective good ways / and when we place trust HE is always working 'for that authentic good' to be…BLESSED are we if chosen to 'help in the process' / don't be pulled down to the level of a bully RISE above them…with LOVE (LOVE being GOD) Pray for they who 'don't get the meaning of life.'
As I was beginning my working life; I would hear it said "working is a big game." I really didn\'t know what was meant by that. Some referred to it as a dog eat dog world, or \'the rat race\' / I guess I was fortunate at age 22; I worked as a paste up person of some weekly town papers; wages were a bit above minimum… and for me, at that time; to gain experience "I was content."  It was a VERY friendly work environment. The year was 1980.', "Anyway, I have concurred, some 29 years later… there is a GAME being played and if a worker wants to survive they had better understand. Here's how I see it (feel free to disagree).", 'THE CAT AND MOUSE game… by definition, Cat and Mouse game means: Playfully or teasingly cruel, as in prolonging the pain or torment of another.', "It can be played by any: co worker to new co worker, two co-workers of equal tenure but differing in age perhaps or differing in gender, or ethnicity, or supervisor to 'a target' employee, subordinate, or two administrators to one subordinate worker.", "Some of the ways the 'game' is played: ", '1. Hold back giving pertinent information in directions to a person. In general, all humans want to be seen as decent but they also have an \'insecure streak\' of some kind within.  If a subordinate takes in upon themselves to \'just do\' as they see best; they fell into the trap set. The one giving directions (only basics) can wag a finger and say DID I SAY DO IT THAT WAY? (No; but neither did they say don\'t do) The trick here is that all we humans like to be resourceful and think for ourselves; AND the CATS KNOW IT. DO NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS as a worker MOUSE. They must be kept informed and you worker MUST always \'ask first\' before doing even the most menial task. Do you want the letter to be mailed today? (even if you know it should) Do you want me to file this large pile of folders away? Even if you have done it thousands of times before… NEVER just assume \'today\' is same as yesterday, I wish to go to lunch (at usual time) but NEVER just go; let them \'in charge\' know you are going… by asking "is there anything you need before I go to lunch now?" WORKERS can never \'just do\' (in the old days; yes… but not today. Those running the show use \'vagueness of directions\' or vague expectations to trap the honest and eager and good worker. ', "2. Another aspect of CAT AND MOUSE (Cat is aggressive and Mouse is timid) is the asking subordinate mouse a seemingly innocent question pertaining to religion, hobby, outside activities or political views. They ask in casual light conversation; but EVERY ANSWER is remembered and carried to 'the powers that be' who interpret it as they perceive. NEVER discuss family issues, or gripe of problems in that area, never talk political views (never) never talk of outside interests (affiliations with even the boy scouts or girl scouts or fixing up a home or buying a home or an advocational interest (yes; it gives management 'fodder' when an error is made that YOU don't have 'a full interest' in THE JOB). Avoid lunchroom chatter where the light and casual chatter can make you 'reveal what you know can be used as a negative' (humanity is broken and insecure and anything is fair game to get another OUT of their territory of money making). A listener is always called a great conversationalist. LISTEN but say little. AND AVOID the lunch table if even one gripe comes / quietly excuse self for any reason and disappear and then take a different lunch hour. DO NOT CONGREGATE to 'gripers' because you will be pulled down to doing it also. (and for some reason; 'they can gripe' YOU worker cannot.)", "3. Dress professionally, walk professionally (never slouch) do not succumb to eating or drinking at desk (a candy bar or tea or coffee or soft drink). Even if others do. Do not follow 'the crowd' (it sets you apart from the rest). If everyone takes a  break; take a restroom break / Eat when it is lunch time (preferably out to eat) Arrive on time, LEAVE when work day is over unless asked to stay by management. Give no one reason to complain of your habits. Keep little personal info on desk; including philosophical statements that inspire or family photos. In other words, as much as possible 'squelch' your human-ness. Humanity is cruel… don't allow them to find 'fodder' for their fun. (they will no matter what but don't give it to  them)  MAKE EVERYDAY 'a first day' and retain a certain amount of caution in  all actions and certain nervousness… (but relaxed).", "Don't be a part of CAT AND MOUSE… be 'business like at all times' and STRICTLY BUSINESS (it is what upper management teaches managers and supervisors). Squelch all emotions (it is seen as weak in management circle; and management does know just workers have emotions and management uses it 'for their own ends'… come with passion for 'the job' and be 100 PERCENT 'on the mark' for being a WORKER.", "Do not assume or act 'of your own mind' ASK always, do not answer anything of any personal type question (views and opinions, hobbies, family, political, do not reveal who you are but remain 'mystery'… their perceptions are their own; as the saying goes don't let them tack any label on you by your own words to them, dress in  appropriate manner as the rest of office dresses. Business casual or business formal. Fit in.  And even if you know how to do the job; don't get 'lazy' or 'off your guard' / always treat every day as if it were YOUR FIRST DAY… and no one will make it your LAST DAY.", "And stay aware of what is going about around you. If your gut senses hostility in any manner or they stop giving you the usual amount of work or they overload your desk with work or they management team ostracizes and keeps out of the loop. NEVER, NEVER speak feelings about any of it. Rather; at home formulate your move… send resumes out from home on weekend, seek a part time job so you can be working a simple job weekends or late nights and when secure in the simple job (or spouse is secure in their job)… GIVE NOTICE because 'if support isn't there or respect'… don't waste time LEAVE. If you can't get another comparable job; get a part time job or let spouse work and you stay home 'til you find a job… but DO NOT let 'them' GET YOU with the emotional game playing. OR STAY AND HAVE A COMPLETE 'DETACHMENT'… from the people… just doing what hired for. Take all words with a grain of salt.", "Today's work people are wounded, insecure, uptight, and yes… without any understanding of God and good. STAY DETACHED… or someone will betray and hand you over. (Sad but true…that is 'THE GAME.')
I am not sure what happened behind the scenes but I do know that because I filed an EEO charge against a former IRS manager in Fresno (she still works) my life has been torn apart. I lost my home, good credit, and can't face going back to work. Upper management is conspiring against me to trap me in some way. They have followed me in and out of work, spread lies about me, and my union is co-responding with the employer against me.", 'I had not been able to obtain legal counsel and had to face IRS attorneys alone. The attorney has placed a stop on my disability check which I bought and pay for myself. They have too much control. They have spent good taxpayer money to have me photographed, followed and send helicopters! They recruited co-workers to mob me; those co-workers are taken away from their duties to follow mob me at work! ', 'Here is what happened. This former manager demanded my password and was caught red handed! I had to make a statement in testimony and filed an EEO charge for retaliation. The EEO, NTEU, and IRS Attorneys are all a farce. They are not there to help anyone but themselves.', 'They all conspired against me and no legal counselors will help me. They have all dropped their muskets and ran the opposite direction from fear.', 'Whatever was discovered in that EEO charge it  was big. It opened a can of worms beyond my understanding. From what I have experienced they are afraid of me right now.', 'How awful for anyone to have to go through this. All I can say is that they picked on the wrong person to mess with. I am die hard and not easily defeated. Oh I cry but I also pray. I am physically sick from the whole thing but I pray. ', 'I look at it this way; IRS is crying right now and I know they are not praying. IRS has a public black eye right now because of the Tea Party Violations and I know they are not praying. So God helps those who help themselves; I truly believe and live those words.
I worked in a small bookshop. I enjoyed working with the manager until the appointment of a new member of staff. The new person quickly became aggressive toward me though I really could not understand why. The verbal abuse grew more and more intense as the weeks went by.', "One of his pet themes to me was 'no one would care if you died.' He would also take regular readings from the till to check my time for going to lunch and returning. He criticized me in every conceivable way including personal insults about my taste in music, clothes, films and books.", "If a friend rang for me he never failed to laugh at the private content of the call. This verbal abuse culminated in an assault when one day he suddenly swung a plastic bag that was full of parcels into my stomach. I simply didn't know what to do . The abuse grew worse and worse with non stop verbal abuse that impacted on my job.", 'I left the bookshop in state of depression and had a minor breakdown.
Live the WHOLE life …mind body spirit … of GOD Ways… is to be on 'the narrow road' / that FEW find. There is the strength that 'buliies' don't have. ", 'Money deflates, stuff wears out, rusts, moth eats. ', "Take care of one's mind (stay educated; read, learn continually informally or formally; one stays educated by… listening more than speaking) ", "Take care of one's body. (kids like junk food that tastes sweet or fun to eat; adults eat their veggies, along with the meat but in amounts just enough to sustain and not weary one…too much gas in a car floods the engine and car stalls …so too, too much food) No extreme measures…eat the meat, have dessert, have a sweet favorite treat at the end of week or 'for special occasion' but overindulge continually and eventually the body is going to break down …in some manner (heart, lungs, stomach, or some cell within that structure) ", "Take Care of one's SPIRIT…(soul) yes; it is permissible to love ourselves by doing what we like to do. (advocation if not vocation) It gives us a reason to look forward to weekends besides 'shop til one drops' / YES…attend a prayer worship time once a week (careful of which one's one joins of course) Worship of THE God keeps self humble, Fill mind with happy… good reading not junk novels or movies, and yes; it helps the spirit to share and care (not to excess) but yes…entertain family or friend or join a sport group one likes to do, or whatever one's special interest. ", "THE NARROW WAY… the way THE WORLDLY scoff at… as they just HANG OUT and Just Get By… eating, drinking, and griping in the office 'at the work' thing.", "Narrow roads mean the travel is slower… we won't see the results of our choice right away…as the world gets INSTANT gratification of desires. ", 'Anyway the NARROW ROAD is how to AVOID BULLIES.
BE STRONG! Be strong in what it takes to stay present… out in the world. ', 'An instructor in classroom once put it as this acronym: K. A. S. H.  Knowledge, Attitude Skills Habits. Generally; most understand the surface meaning here: be GOOD.  Good Knowledge, Good Attitude, Good Skills, Good Habits. But; this requires more than JUST THINKING FOR OUR OWN SELF…', 'KNOWLEDGE - that means a broad general understanding of everything of life and the reason for our being on this earth. Knowledge of human nature as a whole (weak) and that means knowing one\'s own weaknesses as well. Knowledge of the strength that takes our weak areas to give "supernatural" graced strength, yes; knowledge of the facts of our specialty…but it is imperative to know PEOPLE (the good one\'s and the not so good…cordial TO ALL but to realize mankind of today …are primarily a wounded bunch / Attitude: HUMBLE is best. To be humble is to know how to find a funny spot in \'self\' "laugh and the world laughs with us" / It\'s important we laugh at only ourselves…(before \'they the world\' laughs at us actually) Laugh at self but praise everyone else / SKILLS…Skilled in SOCIAL GRACES…more than just \'nice\' …again one must be ON TOP OF THE GAME of what \'that world\' looks hard at…how we sit, stand, speak, walk…dress. (yes; all that superficial type stuff) the car we drive. And not that we should drive fancy or dress fancy … dress NEAT…but not nerdy…put together well enough it looks like \'WE KNOW\' the \'in\' of fashion…CLASSIC is fine. Don\'t overdress and don\'t underdress; dress for \'the job\' we work with…meld in with the most. Maybe it is why some workers in factories wore uniforms…everyone was same and there was no distractions. Be skilled IN QUALITY of what you do….oh yes; some will hate you for that skillful way (man is prone to envy) So…knowing it…SEEK TO BE HELPFUL and show this lesser type HOW …don\'t worry they will get better than you…IT\'S IMPOSSIBLE if you really know YOUR OWN WORTH… a beginner is a beginner…and management knows it. So; when management see\'s you trying to \'raise up\' another…YOUR SKILLS just went UP FURTHER… NOT DOWN in management eyes. HABITS… HABITS are that which is done \'habitually\' … over and over / always \'self correcting\' we come to know WHAT HABITS work to the good (common good and our own good) and which habits ARE BAD FOR US… most decent workers get it early enough that getting to work on time brings \'the first stage of success at work\' / the habit of being helpful…works well, the habit of standing straight not slouching, the habit of speaking clearly and firmly, the habit of …well now on a personal level; EXERCISE, EATING RIGHT FOODS, ATTENDING correct social gatherings (wholesome entertaintment) fills our minds with GOOD and not the suspicions that burden the minds of the \'worldly\' / the habit of saving dollars (true savings…not just savings  to just pay \'a bill\'  or \'buy something\'… SAVINGS that is for \'THE FAR FUTURE\' ', "In all these ways… WE WILL RISE above 'THE WORLD' who grumbles, gripes and complains of all they LACK…and how unfair life is…and then they get nasty and yes…try to bully to intimidate. (false power by VERY WEAK people) Their strength is phony…they have NOTHING …NOTHING of substance…they just hope that if they ACT AND SOUND TOUGH… 'the real strength' will flee … ", "STAY PRESENT…'IN THE GOOD WAYS' (God ways of life) You will overcome the world. ", "Too many 'just workers' are losing FAITH in that which sustains them…to 'be cool' 'be popular' and 'be with it' … leaning on HUMAN FRIENDSHIPS for help to get ahead. To some; lots of FRIENDS spells success…but NO…not always. A friendly manner yes; to all…but for the most part…one or two good friends is all man can really have. (a spouse is probably one big blessing…if one is so called…to the  marital way …which then bears fruit the  little friends 'of same blood' one's  children (although these friends take time to develop) If not marriage…then to stay with LIKE MINDED … in belief…yes; THE PEW… - where 'the GOD' is  known of 'as you know of' … (and even here; don't forget mankind is weak) BUT MOST OF ALL…IF one's BEST FRIEND is THE SPIRIT OF GOD…PEACE WITH OTHERS will generally be… ", "Be just like 'them' in the world going for the same earthly treasure …and one will always be going with the trials and tribulations. ", 'HOPE this helps.
', ' ', "Office politics isn't always 'dirty' / good politics is one where all workers work in cooperative manner; keeping busy, being helpful, smiling each day (whether they feel like it or not) THAT'S GOOD POLITICS …it is not brown nosing as some want to speak to tear down NICE.", "BAD POLITICS in old days was those who were always speaking up to 'the boss' or 'supervisor' … about themselves (yes brown nosing) or speaking to boss of how wonderful he did or she did or how great that is or this 'the firm' is doing. BROWN NOSING (giving opinions complimentary but ONLY where it matters) not to the other workers (unless of course boss was watching)", "But now BAD POLITICS took a different 'track' / since laws are now written that  some cannot be fired / are specially affirmed perhaps / and work is so little due to automation and workers have less to keep busy with…BAD OFFICE POLITICS now attempts not to just brown nose with nice nice to boxs but to eliminate 'the competition' (ostracize, demean verbally, taunt with actions like excess cubicle chatter or slamming cabinets, or giving wrong information) Whatever it takes for the competition to complain of … 'them' who are special. Good workers must quietly endure and wait for the sign to RESIGN…BUT we must NEVER NEVER NEVER attempt to 'speak' of the annoyance. Not to the persecutor and NOT to management authority.", "If you are GOOD you will be MATURE…and FAITHFUL to the AUTHORITY who brings you to 'all good' (blessings) Meek is not weak. It is a strength that the world does not know. Humor and Humble and Humus (earth) they all go together. Don't take self or your persecutor too seriously. LAUGH at self and give praise as much as  possible (sincerely) to everyone else. SINCERELY…or as the adage went…if you can't find a nice thing to say…it is ok to say nothing. Mostly laugh (quietly) at  the antics of 'this poor insecure and immature person' / and do your job best as you can. Ask appropriate questions, ask of the insecure one (they will begin to love you) Make the 'insecure one' look good … and again 'who cares who gets the credit' as long as the one who is insecure leaves you to do your work in  peace. (in time…management will catch the gist of who knows 'for real' and  who is bluffing) And remember…the only thing 'forever' is ETERNITY… God  does allow U turns and exit ramps…and for us to change our direction…if a place is not as 'the brochure' or 'interview' brought out. ", "NOT ALL are 'up there' in maturity of mind and spirit. Some are still in high school; although they graduated years ago (physically)  All are wounded; even we 'the  targeted' / there once was a nation (society) where most understood the reason for the journey and knew of spirit; they knew all were 'at a different point' in  spirit and would encourage good, gently speak 'wrong ways' and helped each  other by good patient attitude to each other. Today; it is a ME MYSELF AND I WAY  …. so be in the world NOT OF THAT WAY. Don't get pulled back down… to that earthly view. KEEP RISING in SPIRIT. (don't be kicked out by being as the one you dislike) I know it seems 'they' get away with everything but NO NOT REALLY… eventually…they too GO DOWN. (don't  be on that same  elevator down with them) ", "I hope folks who read this will read it slow (meditatively) and that the Spirit will bring understanding 'of the world' as it is.  Just ignore folks who are  nasty and 'be different than they' (and management will be amazed at you).
I was injured in 2009 and taken off work in 2010 after losing my memory and other symptoms. My employer's HR immediately began a campaign of harassment and threats - I was contacted over 40 times in six weeks, submitted detailed medical information four times, required to return to my doctor five times. I made written harassment complaints because it was affecting my ability to rest and recover.", "My union president had a 'close' relationship with HR. The complaints were never investigated and the Union would not do anything. Then began the systemic character assassination and poisoning of work environment and my field of work (went beyond the employer and the Union). It was done through private phone calls, e-mails and texts - two years of freedom of information requests and two thousand records later, there is a clear picture of what happened and who was spreading lies - it all went back to the harassment complaint.", 'When I attempted to go back to work, we found out that my reputation had been destroyed. There were private agreements to block my return to work and delay it. Despite trying to resolve and fighting over it, my health substantially declined. I ended up with PTSD and no ability to deal with anything.', 'Tried to get multiple organizations to investigate but everyone circled the wagons. Nobody knows how to identify mobbing.', "Will be publishing the records into a book about mobbing - it is the only thing that keeps me going now. I don't think I will ever get over it.
FOUND this which is the essence to decent society: NOTE THAT WORD mentioned EVEN 2000 years ago!', '-- Slaves, be obedient to your human masters with fear and trembling, in sincerity of heart, as to Christ, 6 Do not only when being watched, as currying favor, but as slaves of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart, 7 willingly serving the Lord and not human beings, 8 knowing that each will be requited from the Lord for whatever good he does, whether he is slave or free. 9 MASTERS, act in the same way toward them, and STOP BULLYING, knowing that both they and you have a Master in heaven and that with him there is no partiality.', "SO YES…first what this passage says to we who are called 'workers' (not owners and not masters over others…i.e. business owners; is that we need to remember FOR WHOM we work. And I point out; to 'work for the Lord' means that we cause no disgrace in actions. We are GRACE FILLED or GRACIOUS to everyone. Pleasant, Cordial, Smile with others; laugh even with them and AT OURSELVES. Do the job hired for and while in the past; taking initiative to do more might have been praised…DON'T DO IT.", "Just do as hired and obey MASTER (management) If they yell, rant, rave, finger wag; don't flinch and inch. Take it 'as penance' or rather 'medication' from God…when we are ill; medication is given to boost our weakness. So…God (Spirit) who knows where we lack…(patience, human understanding, self thinking perhaps…God allows just the 'right' thing to MAKE US GROW stronger; not weaker…what good does it do to have everything nice and orderly and planned out and pleasant? When it's not we have to (hopefully) lean on that authentic spirit always with us…and this will mature us…make us leave our own thoughts…in love of this KNOW NOT.  Hard as it is; 'take it with a smile' … til the opportunity (grace) comes as to 'the next step' he whispers (go back to school, apply to, take a part time job anywhere, then leave this place) THIS is to work 'for the Lord and His glory' over 'ba-aaad' (never coming down to their level) ", "In the ideal situation…we do as we ought and MASTER also is led by same spirit and there is MUTUALITY of SPIRITS  working in harmony. (each doing as assigned and not fearing the other) Needing one another. That's when authority is good; rather than authoritarian.", 'But as you see in this biblical passage: BULLIES have been around a long time.', "DO NOT come down to the level of 'the world' in your thinking. Think of what is above NOT below.", "And yes; being strictly flesh 'WORDS' do hurt. And UNJUST words at that. Why can't they see 'our good?' Silly … because they don't know GO(O)D except as it pertains to themselves. Some bully in context to being 'funny' (and gathering a crowd) Some are in need of attention…and to be seen powerful to 'right people' at work. Some are deliberately NASTY …but most are just IGNORANT of what GRACED GOODNESS is.", 'Bullies are NOT the devil…but the devil does have a hand in their way of life.', "The antidote for them 'not getting to us' is GOD. PRAY FOR STRENGTH and  think of them as just a temporary 'blip' on A LIFE OF ETERNAL GOODNESS and LIGHT someday; and 'be grateful for them' (in a way) …they are making us STRONGER. While they go from bad to worse.
My first experience with 'bullying' I didn't even know it was 'bullying' … It was 1993; a small 'trade' shop (ok; specifically printing) I was in the graphic dept; setting type aka desktop publishing. Me, female, supervisor, male and part time typesetter; also female.  There was one who was simply 'arrogant' / and yes a bit of a chip on shoulder… I asked a question he gave a 'flip' reply in the guise I now assume was what he would call 'wit.' / I was brand new, new to computers, I was nervous. He didn't give me any answer and I was taken aback. NEVER experienced this rudeness before.", 'Long story short … first 3 years were ok…but last 3.5, I could do nothing right. But the owner kept me and I stayed. (not confident in my abilities) Eventually I was let go in unjust manner (and unprofessional).', "The next two years I could always get work; but SAME rudeness in the workplaces and when I asked 'why' … basically - OUT I went. ", "Finally settled in to a place for 4.5 years; started part time went to 30 hours and well this place also was odd. Supervisor would curse her ex husband on the middle of work floor and no management said a word. She complained of getting obscene phone calls… had her number changed and 'her number' became mine. (Everyone on the home front said that was EXTREMELY nasty… just plain nasty… poor business.) Again; eventually I got a finger wave to my face as if I were a child. I asked why (true; just asked why… and out I went)  YES, there was a general COLDNESS felt. ", "Then one more place 2007 til 2010…constant berating, calling me 'missy' by a  co worker with office (didn't report direct to her) she would speak directions as she walked out the door of dept, she'd give wrong directions and she would SCREAM, literally SCREAM, in my face (poor, very poor). She had me so nervous… when I finally again spoke 'why' …OUT they cast me.", "Bottom line…it really took from 2000 to 2014 to understand all of this and 'why me' / WHY? because this nation America; DOES NOT know GOD. They are out for self and 'the buck' and I have surmised THEY ARE RUDE AND BITTER and  lovers of money.  I would think it was 'nothing' BUT THAT'S NOT TRUE…in fact; all of it TOOK AWAY my TRUST in GOOD HUMANITY. I let them do that to me and that wasn't good. Because of it; the last few years of interviewing I was skeptical of interviewers and was judging them in all they said. I BELIEVE NOW that I might have found other work one year after being let go, but I  didn't want to be hurt again and probably said wrong thing… in 4 different cases.../ bullying can demoralize a GOOD PERSON (AND I AM GOOD).", "It's subtle and sometimes blatant and IT SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED.", "I am mid 50's and should still be working, but lack of trust made interviews SO DIFFICULT. RUDE AND IGNORANT folk… probably prematurely ended my working ever again and there's not a thing that can be done. IT IS A RUDE world.
COMPLAINERS / GRIPERS! … it starts out as innocent and somewhat harmless; a little 'complaining' of something that could have been better… ", "BUT … be wary of 'the underlying motive' of GRIPERS.", "They very well may want to wear you down… or bring you down TO SEE EVERYTHING wrong with 'this place of employ' (when in reality…IT'S YOUR PERFECT JOB)", 'DO NOT LISTEN TO THEM!! If it is RIGHT for you…it is MEANT for you. ', "Remember; if things were 'as bad' as gripers griped over they would have been outta the place long before you arrived.", "The complainers motive just might be to get you off balance; not feel so sure of yourself (especially if they gripe over EVERY word you speak) They are insecure and they don't like competence and or contented souls. ", "Don't be a complainer and AVOID complainers (find out about your job, your firm, YOURSELF thru YOUR experiences and DO NOT LISTEN to third parties who have ulterior motives. Evaluate your firm (at home yourself every 3 months) ", 'Then; rather than be a griper… be a SOLUTION finder (positive).', 'Oh and to deal with gripers; who usually gripe not for the \'surface problem\' but something within them that is DEEP… treat them as you would a child who whines. Praise them (they need it) encourage them to \'do good\' … yes yes give them ideas of how to be good, and TEACH THEM. Gripers gripe out of ignorance but they don\'t know they are ignorant… MAKE SURE you MAKE EVERYTHING you do involving them CRYSTAL CLEAR so they can\'t say "I didn\'t know\' … \'no one told me\' or can say "I assumed" / when you spell out EXACTLY every last detail… they are CONTENT… it\'s hard work… but you will have cut the complainer back significantly.', 'Eventually… complainer may come to like you and STOP griping. ', 'SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS SOLUTIONS
For 21 years, I was a target of on the job racial harassment that turned into uncontrollable bullying that forced me out of a job and a forfeiter of my 25 year pension. I am an Ex-Marine who could have easily gone postal but at the last minute I decided not take that route.', 'For 21 years, I had to put up with white racist rednecks who hung nooses, wrote racial slurs on walls and carried out all types of racial acts on me and other black workers. While all this was going on my union, federal and state rights agencies stood by and did nothing to stop the abuse.', "Today, I am suffering from PTSD. I can not work or can I function normally. I am still under my doctor's care. The bully only understands one language. You have to speak the language of the bully and be ready to pay the price.", 'To live the way I am living might as well be a slow death sentence imposed upon me by racist psychopaths who are being called bullies. My words are not in malice. I am only stating the truth about how I feel.', 'Pervasive bullying and racial injustice can make anybody lose their mind. ', 'No Justice, No Peace.
I have been complaining about my mail carrier, who has been returning and stealing my mail for a number of years.  I wrote letters to the Councilmen, Congressman, Dept. of Justice, NYC Public advocate, and the postmaster; I received no response.  This is pure rasicum, the mail carrier is also a neighbor, the post office is refusing to change his assignment to a different post office.  Also this is not is first time stealing a persons mail.  ', 'MAIL TAMPERING IS A FEDERAL CRIME.  This man should be in jail! Why is he able to continue his RACIAL INJUSTICE? I refuse to move; as did his last neighbor.
We have a Mailhandler in his 50's that thinks he can intimidate by driving by on his forklift and give me nasty looks. He will speed by without blowing his horn and try to hit me on occasion.", 'He has been allowed to get away with this for over 20 years, because management is afraid of him. He has a short temper and flies off the handle for any little thing.', "If he thinks you say something about him he automatically assumes it's true without any proof. What kind of childish behavior do some so called adults engage in? Why do I feel like I am in an inner city high school?
I was a highly esteemed teacher who everyone respected and parents loved having their child in my class. When I talked at meetings or at the lunch table, everyone listened attentively. A 4th grade teacher was rehired after being a stay at home mom, and I heard that parents kept asking her to do things the same way that I did. She began to be very critical of me at the lunch table and at meetings saying I was failing to teach my students properly.', 'I had a difficult year with some very spoiled bullying students and their parents, and she would talk with them and say things against me. She told me that she and the students from my previous third grade class laughed together about the fact that one student purposively "had headaches" so he could get out of my classroom and go to the nurse. She said at the lunch table that rewarding students for reading the most minutes was stupid and she would never do that as I did.', 'She stated she would never inflict upon her students the suffering of going to cheer up the elderly in a nursing home. She would go to a senior center with her class where people weren\'t "sick and depressing." Of course, my class went to a nursing home with residents that really needed cheering up.', "She would state that I wasn't teaching penmanship because lately the boys had not been paying attention, and they wouldn't form their letters correctly no matter how much input I would give them. Then she complains that I am not a team person and I don't work with the 4th grade.", 'I could go on and on about all of the negative and insulting comments she publicly said, but you get the picture. My reputation is ruined with all my coworkers, especially the new teachers. Nobody listens to what I say and people—especially this teacher, talk over me at lunch and at meetings.', 'How I have dealt with it is to be the best third grade teacher I know how to be. The next time she tries to ruin my reputation, I am going to say something like, "I use to teach 3rd and 4th grade, but now I am leaving 4th grade for you to teach. I\'m sorry it\'s not working for you." I did teach a lot of 4th grade concepts in the past, but now I just challenge the high students because it was too much pressure for some third graders. I think this is bothering her, because now she has to teach 4th grade.
I am the target of a bully who knows she is behaving badly but believes it is her right. Although she has had formal written complaints from clients, management has not "punished" her, rather she has been given a position of authority over the rest of the staff. ', 'My problem began when I reported to the manager that her rudeness had made a client cry. Since then (May 2013) she has made it her mission to create grief for me.', 'Every day she finds something else to criticise or belittle me about. This is in front of both clients and the other staff. ', "Last week I confronted her about her behaviour, she laughed and abused me. I had a panic attack and went home from work. I am now in violation of the Code of Conduct for employees and facing a HR review. I feel as if I am back at school being sent to the Principal's office. ", 'As I have a history of mental illness I am afraid I will be labelled a "nutter" or trouble maker. I spent most of the last week struggling to find a reason NOT to commit suicide. ', "I don't understand how one person can have so much power that they are able to get away with their hideous behaviour. As I read your book I recognised so many of her behaviours that I felt sick knowing that other people have to deal with the likes of her.
I am sharing this—it's not actually myself (I would stand up to bullies) who is suffering from workplace bullying, but my big brother who has quite substantial learning difficulties is being harassed by his colleagues to resign his post. The bullies are continually confronting my brother in the changing room and when there are no witnesses around, dictating to him he resign immediately. I'm rather infuriated at this cowardice. My brother may be disadvantaged but is an extremely hard worker—never a day off until recently, goes out 6am until 3pm.", "This bully is a new employee and he has made fun of the way my brother speaks in front of other colleagues but they can only intimidate my brother to resign when nobody else can see and hear this. Also they laughed, embarrassing my brother, to the extent he didn't want to go home where he lives with my mother which is having an effect on her too.", 'Please could you advise me on appropriate action to take to stop this immediately? Many thanks, Alvin.
I am currently working at a job for 11 months as a receptionist. The day girl who does the work is harassing me. It's not severe bullying but I don't like it. It started 3 weeks after I started the job. I am to be a fill in for her and the night receptionist when they are sick or need relief. One afternoon she called me and told me there wasn't much work, and could I come in early to relieve her. She said that the doctor knew she was leaving early.", 'I take an arranged ride with a public transportation system for disabled and had an early pickup so it was already in the works to get there early. Therefore, I said it was no problem. I got there and she wouldn\'t leave. So I said aren\'t you going to leave and she said "No, the doctor will check up on me." I have trouble speaking up so I don\'t think I told her I didn\'t like it.', "After she left, I was mad and I realized she took advantage of me. I was indecisive as to how to put my hours in. I recorded them earlier. Than I called my Mom and a friend and asked for advice. They told me to tell the doctor what happened. I did it. But had the weekend to think it over and I just decided I didn't want to have to deal with the boss about it, because I felt like I was a ratter. So the doctor called about the hours to put into payroll and asked what happened, I told her I didn't want to talk about it. She said she believed me and gave me an extra half hour.", "Early in day I called the office and the bully said she didn't say to come in or something such and she asked me what I told the doctor. I acted kind of wimpy and said maybe I did get mixed up, but I'm pretty sure I didn't. She can be annoying and I don't think I'll be doing her any favors. She clearly took advantage of me.", "To add insult to injury, my so called friend, who is a retired teacher; when I told her I more or less backed down to the girl, reprimanded me and told me the doctor wasn't going to believe me. She then could see I was upset over the situation and put me down. I don't think she was truly a help. Thanks for reading this. I hope I don't sound too nitpicking of a conflict. I'm trying to enjoy myself as much as possible and not let the worker bother me because I know I'm pretty honest and a good worker.
I highly recommend the ebook available on this site: ', '.  I have not entirely read the book nor the accompanying materials, though I think I could use a little self help tonight.', 'I have been mobbed and bullied at various times in my life.  Most recently I was mobbed and bullied for the better part of a year, then lied about and terminated. The negotiation for that is ongoing however the union seems to be definitely cultivating a relationship with management over one with me. I am dispensable, is how I feel. The managers orchestrated the mobbing, and bullied and harassed me themselves.  So I have some fairly intense personal experiences of bullying and mobbing.', 'Many passages in the book are golden to me, identifying and articulating the pathology of a toxic group mentality which I have experienced and which seems unbelievable to the misinformed and uninitiated masses, including counselors.  ', 'I want to support people experiencing bullying (see the online support group at ', ') and hope to work towards fair, compassionate and healthy relationships between people in general.  I weep for those beautiful people who are injured or driven to take their lives because of the cruel treatment they have endured.  Currently I am focused on supporting people in the workplace.', 'Currently I need to get a financial resolution and continue healing. I guess that it may take six months to heal. My body speaks of my trauma, more than my mind does. I am currently trying out Somatics which teaches about the link between mind and body, body awareness and muscular release.', "If you are still with me after all that, I want to say I hope you find a better place to be than one where you are experiencing bullying. Don't tarry too long in a toxic environment because you are risking your health. You deserve better. You need to care for yourself.
Worked at same hospital for 31 years. Never had any problems with other staff, patients or relatives until last 4 years in Hell. New, FULLY INCOMPETENT manageress CAME TO WARD. Heavily LACKED BOTH nursing and managerial SKILLS. was ADVISED BY OTHER STAFF MEMBERS THAT I WAS TOP OF ITS hit list. Reason unknown!  After 4 years of Hell, including constant monitoring, uncalled meetings, without back up, teeth bared at me, IT finally got me sacked. IT also got other staff, (who were GOOD Nurses), removed from ward. It then proceeded to replace all those with poorly trained, unsafe, overseas nurses.', 'Trying to find someone to help me seek justice. What a Joke! The minute bullying is mentioned, all doors are slammed in your face.
I have been at my current job for over 9 years. Last fall a new Director was hired and she has waged war against quite a few white female employes. She is black and treats the black employees much better than the white employes.', 'I consider myself very skilled at my job and I am liked by the majority of my coworkers. In the last year she has taken multiple steps to build a case to terminate me. She has denied me vacation time told other employes that they could not work my shifts which is against company policy, and completed a very negative employee evaluation on me. I have gone to administration several times to try and get help. Nothing has been done and I am to the point of having a nervous breakdown.', 'At one point administration met with all the employees to investigate multiple complaints against her and again after that she took measures to retaliate against me. This company has written policies against retaliation and bullies but yet they do nothing.', 'The Monday before Thanksgiving she had a meeting with me to tell me that my attitude did not meet the company standards and I had 30 days to improve on it. This past Monday, the Monday before Christmas she tells me that my thirty days are up and she has had another complaint against me and this time there would be action taken against me because of it. I again contacted administration and was told that they had to investigate matters and when I questioned her timing was simply told that it was just my misfortune to have a complaint filed against me the week before Christmas.
I'm not sure if this is bullying or a personality conflict between me and a younger male coworker. He joined the team I'm on 15 months ago. I worked very closely with him to help him learn the job and also served as a resource as he worked on various client issues.", "For three months early this year he asked me about my lunch plans on a daily basis. He also began stopping my desk frequently to talk about personal topics and tease/make fun of me. At first it seemed good natured but then his comments became more critical and controlling. He would put down my opinions and choices stating that his viewpoint was better. He called me wishy washy and said I didn't know what I was talking about in front of another coworker. I began to feel uncomfortable chatting with him because I felt he wouldn't approve of me.", 'In October I got upset over something he said and very harshly told him to talk to someone else. I felt terrible and apologized immediately. He said it was okay but stopped speaking to me and refused to make eye contact or acknowledge me for days on end. Our team is rather small and we interact with mainly each other so this has been awkward. I apologized again in person a couple of weeks later in an effort to move past it. He shrugged and the silent treatment continued. It\'s been almost three months since the incident and his behavior toward me has been a "mixed bag." He still avoids me for the most part while being very friendly and outgoing with everyone else on the team. A couple of times he has gone over to the cubes of the coworkers who sit across and in front of me and said things like " et\'s give all that work to her" referring to me in the third person even though I was clearly sitting at my desk and could hear them.', "On a positive note he has initiated three nice, normal conversations and asked for help on some work related questions here and there. However, afterwards he avoided me again or was sarcastic/borderline hostile. It's been very confusing. Sometimes I feel upset because of what appears to be bullying but then I wonder if this is his way of socializing and I'm overreacting?
I worked for eight years being bullied. At the interview, the bully asked my interviewer, his boss, if I was going to get his work. He immediately thought of me as a competitor. I was hired and learned my new job in one day. My boss asked me to get more assignments from his assistant who sat at the end of the office away from the workers. My boss later told me to ask him to sit closer to the other workers. He did, and one day when I went to get assignments from him, I asked if he had anything for me and he said "a fat lip." My boss told him not to read the newspaper and give me the work to do.', "I began completing his duties, as well as my own. He began to miss work, copy down my production on his timesheet and got paid for the work I was doing when he wasn't even there at night. When my boss was retiring, his assistant was told by higher ups that he couldn't even apply for the position ever. He didn't like rules, so when my new boss was hired, he quickly made an ally of her against me.", 'One day, she took my work off of my desk and said she would give it someone that wants it, and handed it to him. She refused to let me work on the computer after that. She did give me his duties, but not the higher pay he was getting. After of year of her blaming me for making too many mistakes, for delaying the team, and not keeping up with the rest of the group, around the holidays she admitted the real reason why she had taken my work away. It was so that he could become manager when she retired, and he needed to learn my work duties.', "I went straight to OHR and they said I needed to find another job because I was in a hostile work environment. I couldn't give up. When he became manager, he hired a young Hispanic girl and gave all of my work to her because he claimed it was easier to correct her mistakes if she was doing my work, which was his work originally. She was a fast typist and he ended up giving her the rest of my work and said he was going to put me at the back of the office on a desk with a typewriter away from my coworkers.", 'He went on to hire an assistant, foregoing the next person experienced for the job in our group, and became very close with her. They eventually lived together. The last memory I will never forget about him was the night he nearly ran me over in the parking lot, but banged my knee up instead, as I took a giant step forward to avoid getting hit.', 'When I was in a bad car accident, the at-fault driver restaged the accident to before the intersection where he had rear-ended me at a stop light going 50 mph. I was on the hardboard and asked to call my boss from the emergency room. I told my boss I might not make it. He thought I meant into work, and he stated I had to go to work because I didn\'t have any time coming to me. I said I thought it was FMLA, and he said no it isn\'t. He made me work the rest of the month of September 2012, and his assistant said I committed workplace violence when I dropped some papers and explained to her that I couldn\'t lift any boxes or stacks of paper when she asked me to go to the scanning room, NOW! She yelled, "I\'m not going to argue with you, if you have any questions, go ask my boss"!', 'As I was getting up out of my seat, she pushed me back down and began rubbing the back of my neck and back really hard. I blacked out in pain, and when I came to, I pushed my seat back to get out of my chair, and accidentally stubbed her foot. She became upset and cried and blamed me for having a mental block since my car accident. That night I was watched closely by the higher-ups who should have gone home at 5:00 p.m., but decided to stay up until midnight.', "His boss, our manager, gave me FMLA paperwork, along with being written up for workplace violence, which would be investigated. My boss said I would have to call in every night with three symptoms, names and times of doctor visits, and other confidential information, after I told our manager that he said it isn't FMLA. In the beginning of my FMLA leave, he told me to call OHR because they had something to discuss with me and they were mad.", 'I had gone to a doctor on their list to get a fitness to return to work form, because no doctors would handle car accident victims in Brighton, Colorado. OHR said I would have to pay all of my medical bills for going to one of their doctors. Most every night I called him, he would tell me I am in big trouble with all the higher ups, that I had to get a doctor to return me to work, and that my symptoms were so minor and should not make me miss work. When the doctor referred me to a spinal specialist one month away, he said "GREAT! You can\'t just sit there and wait." And he wondered why I had gone this route.', 'One night, I explained to my boss that my doctors were complaining about me calling him every night and that it was in violation of my rights under the HIPPA laws. He snapped and said then I would have to call the three male higher ups every night. I asked, "Why would I tell three male strangers about my confidential medical information, if I am not even supposed to be telling you?"', "He began placing me on corrective actions as I was recuperating at home for being tardy, committing workplace violence, and other bogus charges. Two months later, when I was returned to work, the higher ups said I was going to be terminated because I was over the limit of FMLA weeks allowed, because I had taken some time off before the accident to assist my disabled husband. They combined the two FMLA leave times and only allowed 13 missed weeks total. My boss said he didn't even have any work for me to do.", 'After my coworker died the day before Christmas 2012, he began to search for someone to hire, put me on days, gave me extra duties working alone at my desk, under more supervision, reduced my wages, and took away my night differential, as punishment for allegedly committing workplace violence. The next thing I knew, he was demanding I give all of my work to the new lady he had hired for training purposes, and my manager said she did not have any available openings for me in any other departments, but she would look.', "I was disciplinarily discharged shortly after that and denied unemployment. At my appeals hearing, the hearing officer was upset that they presented no evidence against me to justify termination, and said my testimony was very credible, so I was awarded benefits after five months of having nothing to help me or my disabled husband. I lost all of my medical benefits, change my career, and had to apply for loans to return to school online to finish by bachelor's degree because to become a legal secretary in this competitive market, you have to have recent experience or education as a paralegal."]
This starts out rather strange. I am a psychiatric provider, meds, evals, 15 year clinical experience. I answered a job application with the areas largest of the smaller public mental health providers. They are a 50 million dollar annual non-profit—90% from grants. Got a quick interview with a VP I had dealt with when first moved to the area. I was cautious because I didn\'t remember it as a positive interaction. Arrived at interview VP is a good looking effeminate I assume straight man. "Remember me?" was his first question. I hesitated even though I remembered quite well saying yea you were involved with that clinical review right?… he agreed then small talk then offered a salary 30% above market and 30K above my last. Struggling not to look shocked and talk past the close we agreed to terms, one being I had to cover a 30 bed inpatient unit for a month for a psychiatrist who was vacationing in India as well as the clinic job.', 'Two immediate warning signs the excess salary has me miss. The program director volunteers to pick me up for a day conference first week and drive me home after. I think great, we\'ll have time to meet and chat. Way out, normal chit chat—way home, not. She was driving fast and aggressive, telling me she has taken a long time to get the current \'team\' and those who come in and try to change things are dealt with "harshly" what do you mean I asked and chuckled. "Lets say they don\'t work for the company anymore." Very uncomfortable rest of the way home. ', 'In the inpatient unit found four young adults medicated beyond recognition. One Mom stated I don\'t recognise this person—it was her son. First moral dilemma. Continue status quo or correct it. I corrected it and was met with protest "he\'s changing medication without authority." Facts were on my side and the four improved. Then wrote an email to the interview VP pointing out the close to in-humane condition of the four asking for his attention to this in the future. ', 'When the inpatient ended (60 hrs a week for a month) I was told I only had an office for 20 hrs out of the 40 I was supposed to work. I worked from 6a-10a then had to give office to one of the team. We shared the office and I tried to consolidate excess junk. Program director hosted a meeting where office mate screamed at me 20 minutes, "disrespectful, arrogant, inconsiderate, should find another place to work" among other things. I called HR next morning. The program director questioned my \'motives\' for calling HR. She and HR were "very close" and next time come to her. ', 'Came in 15 min late 6:15, 2 days after 60 hr work month. Receptionist publicly berating me "cant you even manage to get here on time?" Meeting with all employees that noon, program director about me: "because of your size (5\'11", 255 x rugby) anything you say can be interpreted as threatening and we don\'t tolerate threats here" as I looked around room everyone shaking heads in agreement. ', 'Patient tells me counselor had her fabricate a complaint against me then went to EEOC, VP found out 2 weeks later VP had a type written resignation for me to sign. I wrote constructive d/c under signature. ', 'Coincidentally, two weeks after that my professional regulatory board files 12 bogus accusations of unprofessional conduct. It has now been a year 22K in lawyer fees, I am unable to work although there is no official finding the regulatory board posts "complaint received, outcome pending" next to my licence making me unemployable. EEOC = 2 charges + retaliation x 2 but I see noting coming of it. Going back to school for a MPH now barely surviving, all utilities off except electric, car will go soon. Drawn and quartered—for what I still do not know.
The small bathroom remodelling company where I work looks normal from the outside, but on the inside its a place where the older employes or company snakes slither around the owner and his family manipulating everything from the work to the individual sodas available. Even when you take in the damage done from the housing market and slow economy, these chemically addicted snakes or bullies carryout their character assassinations on a daily basis.', 'As a refinisher I and my family have suffered extreme physical, emotional, financial, career damage. As well as faced many life endangering and destruction to my property. Also I must always be alert to plots and planned attempts on my life and freedom.', 'Recently the new restrictions on strong paints has given the owner and his bullies yet another reason to rough me up since I am in charge of preparing supplies for all refinishers. Just the act of turning on a ventilation fan throws the lead bully into a temper tantrum. He also has lost everything, but continues to heat and form PVC plastic bathtubs against state law. By not venting these plastic fumes, he has become completely addicted to his poison and cannot tolerate even a minute of toxic paint odor.', 'As punishment for trying to work in a healthy atmosphere I am again forced home for the entire work week while the owners siblings receive all profitable work with all the trimmings from plastic tub installations. Other non-english speaking refinishers are forced to work in toxic paint chambers until work is completed and paid for. This is but tiny sample of terror that is unleashed on a daily basis by these bullies!
I had always enjoyed good relationships with co-workers and even better, I had always worked in places where everyone like everyone else. No one was excluded. There was no gossip and there were really no office politics. So, when I graduated from law school and started articling, I was looking forward to a year of making new connections and even some friends. ', 'It was not to be.', 'The source of my troubles was an associate lawyer, who I will call "Tim." Tim was a popular young associate and he seemed jovial and friendly with the other articling students. Yet, he took an instant dislike to me. His contempt was not disguised. ', 'Now, I was young, but still an adult and I knew better than to think everyone would like me all the time, but this was nothing like I had ever experienced since, perhaps, junior high school. Tim seemed to make a point of excluding me and, moreover, he made a point of letting me know, and letting everyone else know, that he was excluding me. He was also very active in expressing, directly and indirectly, his contempt for me. ', 'I was, at first, puzzled. Why was this happening? I searched the depths of my memory. Had I offended him? There was nothing. He was just mean and, as time went on, he got meaner.', 'I arrived at work one day to an office that smelled of something foul. I could not put my finger on it. I searched the garbage can. I searched the drawers to see if the last articling student had inadvertently left something perishable. I even wondered if it was my shoes. But, I found nothing. Oddly, Tim made a point of coming into my office a few times shortly after this started and remarking that something smelled. He brought others with him. "What do you think that smell is?" he would ask, with the slightest touch of mirth on his face. They would laugh and say "yes." ', 'I felt ashamed and embarrassed. It was one more thing that made me feel bad in what was already a hostile environment. ', 'Each day I arrived and the smell was a little worse. And Tim would come to my office and remark on the smell. Once he even suggested I close my door so that others did not have to tolerate my "odour." I felt ashamed.', "One evening, I just couldn't take it anymore. I was working late and knew I was alone in the office. I decided to search every inch of my space to see if I could find something. ", 'It took me two hours. I pulled cabinets out from the wall. I looked through every drawer and between every single file. Then, I crawled on my back, underneath my desk. And I found it. There, taped to the backs of the legs of my desk, were 4 "logs" of dog feces. As I looked closer, I saw there was feces smeared underneath the desktop as well. There was no doubt that this was the cause of the terrible smell in my office.', 'I cried. ', 'This was not just some practical joke. This was a deliberate act of utter meanness. But what could I do? I felt powerless. If I complained, I knew it would be joked about by the senior partners and associates. I would look like a little wimp who could not take a practical joke. I also feared that they might think that because someone would do this to me, I was not someone who would "fit in" with the firm. So, I just kept crying. I took a cab home. I cried then. I got into the house and tried to conceal my tears from my husband. I was too ashamed to tell even him. For some reason, I felt it was I who had failed. I felt this was somehow my own fault.', 'I could, of course, blame Tim. Why would this popular, handsome young associate do something so immature and mean. And what proof did I have? I knew he did it, but I also knew that there was nothing that quite tipped the scales to allow a reasonable person to blame "golden boy."', 'As time went by that year, Tim just got meaner and things just got worse. The other students and the associates seemed to go along with him, or, at best, they did nothing to stop it. I was not only excluded from "lunches with the gang," but also from those informal events invariably connected to firm functions. During the firm ski trip, he arranged for everyone (but me) to meet at a bar for after-ski drinks. Everyone I asked about where we were going responded with a vague "I don\'t know." Then there was the firm retreat. We were at a resort in a mountain village and Tim was, for some reason, put in charge of entertaining the associates and articling students after the seminars. I overheard him tell one of my colleagues not to tell me where they were going. I felt like someone had punched me in the stomach. I was crushed. Not wanting to look even more humiliated, I made a point of telling another student, within earshot of Tim, that I was sick and I retired to my own room where I cried myself to sleep. ', 'Perhaps the most humiliating event was in connection with the annual "Associates\'/Students\' Dinner." It was, apparently, an event not to be missed and I was looking forward to it. The day it was to take place, someone left a note on my desk saying the venue had been changed from what was booked (this was in the days before email and internet). I thought nothing of the note, as it did not occur to me that someone would purposely give me incorrect information. As I was leaving the office, however, I ran into another associate and said I would see her at the new venue. She seemed puzzled and said that the venue had not been changed. I think she knew what was going on, and bless her heart, she insisted on picking me up for the event. We arrived together and Tim was, well, a little shocked to see me there. Oddly, I felt horrible and awkward, not vindicated or smug. I was ashamed to be participating in an event knowing the organizer had gone to such lengths to ensure I did not attend. ', 'I knew I had to leave that firm at the end of my articling year. There was just no way I could stay in that environment. While it felt odd at the time to let Tim win, I just knew for the sake of my health that I had to get out. By that time, I was having regular nightmares about him and others. I lost a great deal of weight and I cried every night. ', 'I ran away to another city. I like to think that I "won." I became a very successful lawyer and would have made a great deal of money for that firm had I stayed. Instead, I left and made a great deal of money for members of a firm who treated me with love and respect and, eventually, I made a great deal of money for myself. ', 'Yet, the hurt has never really gone away. When I am in that city and pass by the building where I articled, I get anxious. For some reason, all the success in the world cannot keep me from feeling like Tim can come by and take it all away. It was such a shocking experience and it left me fearful of having it happen again.', 'That said, as both a co-worker and a boss, I made sure that I included everyone and that everyone felt valued and so I like to think that the experience had positive consequences for my co-workers and those who reported to me throughout the years.
I work for a municipality as an industrial mechanic. My workgroup consists of eleven people, typically working in pairs in the field and our group is removed from the main body of our employer. As such, we are little supervised and tend to dictate our own work and dealings. I have been employed in this job for 18 years and have seen many employee changes. This group used to function well and was self directed, but recent employee changes have developed and a caustic work environment now exists for me. Many of my co-workers are previous co-workers elsewhere, and some are childhood friends.', "I used to be friends with one of the group bullies. I questioned his behavior against others in the past, and this lead to the deterioration of that friendship. He is friends with many of the group's current members and others have taken up his cause against me. I was able to confide in a couple my co-workers who seemed to see what was going on and against this behavior. I consulted my union on these issues and they didn't believe it is their place to deal with member against member issues. In fact, some union members turned against me too, as they are friends with some of the people in my group. Our group's conflicts escalated and about a year ago, management and HR got involved. Some of the behavior against me was dealt with and a counselor was contracted to investigate our group's issues. From my research on such things, I have received more aid from management and HR than most people get, but the situation is still largely un-dealt with. I believe the actions taken to address the issues are largely management and HR protecting themselves, rather than dealing with the cause. The co-workers I have confided in won't speak up and have turned against me, to some degree.", 'I have read a ', ' and researched many articles on this kind of workplace conflict, but there seems to be little success against these things. Much of what I have read suggests a different job, but I have too much to give up in doing that. There seems to be a lot of "being the bigger person", "not stooping to their level", and "not being so sensitive", but these things will leave you a demoralized victim. Much suggests not to retaliate, but I wonder. If current experts on dealing with these situations have such a low success rate, then maybe a different approach is warranted? Unless your bullies are overly blatant, they will not likely be dealt with... maybe not even then. I wonder if fighting fire with fire might work, as long as it is done with great caution. It might not help, but maybe it will have better success than what current experts suggest? This behavior against you will change you for the negative, whether you do anything or not. Getting others to speak up is probably one of the few things that might help, but I wouldn\'t count on it. Many of you are likely on your own. My situation isn\'t concluded yet, but I am tired of nothing further being done and am concerned about my well-being if things continue. If the "right" opportunity presents itself, it will be difficult for me to be the "better" person and not take advantage of a situation that might remove one of my bullies.', "Just some thoughts for those of you in a similar situation. Don't do what has proven to have a low success rate... do something different. Even if it doesn't work, is it any worse than something else that also doesn't work?", 'Hi Dean, Glad to hear you’ve read the ebook. While it does talk about protecting your health, suggests options like creating an exit strategy and leaving (for those who can) there are also several chapters about “fighting fire with fire.” Look for the chapters in the “Leverage” sections in ', '.
I am getting the gist; today's work a day world is all about being astute to others and self and being politically smart in order to stay employed.", "How one talks, walks, the questions one asks, how to 'be cool', always figuring out quickly what another is REALLY looking for because 'straight forward' is not the way anymore. Straightforward communication is 'dull' or 'might get the asker in trouble.'", "So; folks manipulate, circle around and all sorts of games to 'find out who the new one is.' ", 'SAY IT WRONG... AND THERE IS NO MERCY OR COMPASSION SHOWN.', "And for this reason; after 30 good years of work... I think I'M OUT COMPLETELY.", 'What is is. ', "I am more than 'an employee doing a job for an employer' / I am a daughter, a sister, a friend, a neighbor, a citizen of my nation. There are people who accept me as I am, and if workplaces are going to belittle me; to up their own esteem - then it is for the best I say GOOD RIDDANCE...", 'No job is worth losing THE REAL PEOPLE who REALLY CARE ABOUT ME.
As found on 'The Daily Muse' ... these questions may make or break your interview.", 'One of my problems with any job interview was not really asking questions or not asking the RIGHT questions; or not asking the questions right.', 'I realize now, when I interviewed for my last position in 2007 (hopefully not my last) I left the interview saying "I need a bit of time to think" / my main concern was NOT to get \'bullied out\' again... and with that pre-occupation \'in mind\' and NOT the job itself which I knew I could do... when I called up to ask questions; the questions were all for assuring my "safety" as an employee.', "I did not have the ability then to 'read between the lines' of how interviewer spoke to gauge the professional status of company. ", "Questions I asked were: Is there any traveling in this job? No. (obviously if there was, it would be mentioned) Would there be any need for OT? (again, if OT was to be, that's an obvious interviewer explanation) In other words; I was asking questions that marked me as 'not trusting' this firm OUTRIGHT; because of HARSH treatment at other firms (where I 'assumed' and 'assumed' wrong) I was AFRAID of getting hurt again; and as was written somewhere; management see's that as a red flag to them. ", 'it is IMPERATIVE to know in heart, if they called for an interview... THEY are interested.', "So; IF YOU LEGITIMATELY can and want to WORK for this firm... you have to forget ALL THE PAST FIRMS… you have to take this new opportunity as new; without judging them to others. (be astute but be mature; by experience - sell your good experience be able to speak of it (briefly) if you are in a field where you SHOW your work (such as graphic art) Show it and talk of it and how you did it, problems solved in the doing, etc.  Don't allow a bad experience in past to put you out new opportunity. ", 'The questions in the link show YOU are INTERESTED in WORKING for them. And with that and your interest in interviewer and firm; they will call. ', "* when reading the questions don't ask all of them; pick and choose and 'change a bit' the question based on job you are being hired for... if you are in mid range supervisory position ask with that mindset; if a beginning worker in fast food... ask in relation to being 'a worker.' ", "I failed in past jobs (since the 90's) because I could not articulate my experience as a mature worker; I admit 'shyness' holds my tongue for fear of seeming to boast; it was told to me but I wasn't hearing... I have to know how to express what I know; so as to show I am MORE than 'just any worker' / Don't be just a worker who leaves everything to management to 'fill in the gaps' - TALK but not too much. BE UPBEAT and FRIENDLY and NOT SCARED OF THEM.
I have been working as a nurse in New York for the past 8 years. For the past 5 years I had been bullied by some of the nursing assistants, one more so than the others. I complained on several occasions to the assistant nurse managers and manager. To my surprise, they were very defensive of the nursing assistants. Each time I complained, they tried to undermine my complaints and accused me of making them up.', 'These nursing assistant went as far to ignore patients assigned to me. These patients were not given hygiene care and sometimes left lie in their filth for hours. The glucose monitoring were not done on my patients or if they were done or they would not be documented, forcing me to go directly to the nursing assistant and ask for them. I complained unrelentlessly to the nurse manager without any action being taken. Each time I complained, the situation got worse.', 'I was also subjected to verbal abuse and harassed by the nursing assistants. I was called "ugly" and other derogatory statements made to me. At one point it got physical. I was hit with the lunch cart by one of the nursing assistants. She made it appeared as if it was an accident. However, she later can to me and boasted "that\'s what you get when you don\'t move."', 'I have reported all these incidents to human resources and nursing administration without recoursive action taken. I was told I was jealous of the nursing assistants and the nursing director at that time, went as far as to tell me she is not surprised more people are not hit with the cart. This harassment continued as I said for years. I wrote letters upon letters to HR and nursing administration. I tried to ignore the harassers and put on a brave face.', "I stopped complaining, but the harassment continued. I kept ignoring her. When she realized that I was not responding to her harassment, the bully accused me of pushing her. I was called to the nursing director's office regarding the matter. The nursing director was newly appointed and so I informed her that I had issues in the past with this person. I also told her I have made several complaints to human resources about her and basically, this was another attempt at harassment. I then went to human resources and made another harassment complaint. As usual this complaint was also ignored.", 'To make a long story short, the nurse manager, director of nursing and human resource employee relations decided to have a meeting with me and decide to bully me and accused me of fabricating these complaints. I was very suspicious that they all wanted to have a meeting with me. As, I said I am currently working at this hospital, but have recently been transferred to another unit after the same bully attempted to physically attack me.', 'This was witnessed by a nurse floating to the unit. She initially thought she was horsing around with me. I informed her that what she saw was not a joke. She became scared and denied what she actually saw. Needless to say, as usual, I was bullied by the nursing director and managers. I wrote a letter to the CEO informing him of the situation. He did not respond instead I received a call the vice president of human resources.', 'I have since been transfered to another unit and was the bully. All I have to say about the entire situation is, it was a utter nightmare. Had I not been as strong and determined as I was, I would have had a mental breakdown. I continued to pursue my education and knew that one day, this would all come to an end. I am thoroughly disappointed with my co-workers, managers, nursing administration and employee relations. They allowed the individual to harass not only myself, but another employee that they had to transfer to another and at least two other people I am aware of.', 'Thanks " Y....... E....... "
The world (my nation; any nation) has EVIL always part of ANYTHING that is GOOD OR CAN BE GOOD. EVIL ROAMS seeking whom to 'devour' (bring to it's side).", "SOLUTION: KNOW YOUR OWN GOOD (your worth WHERE it counts and to whom it counts and seek to GIVE that 'who' GLORY).", "When others malign your good name, gossip about you, taunt, mock, poke at to get a reaction, SCREAM AND RANT in your face with or without good cause (though educated persons NEVER rant or scream). If this is 'the culture' of a business environment; you need to SET THE BAR HIGHER ... with the GRACE of your knowing how to be... and EDUCATE them.  LET THEM HAVE IT with all the kindness and patience and learning you have and SEEK NOT any recompense FROM THEM. (If you get  some; i.e.: a thank you, a smile, a bit of kindness back; all the better but DO THE OPPOSITE of what you DON'T LIKE in the BULLY; and that bully will get pushed back and you won't be charged with anything of wrong.", 'To suffer for doing good is GRACE before GOD. (1st Peter) but it is not grace to suffer if you do wrong.', 'YES FOLKS...IT IS A DARK WORLD where MOST ARE IGNORANT OF THE SPIRIT OF WHAT BRINGS PEACE, COOPERATION, MUTUALITY OF ONE-NESS OF MIND. The reasons for it are varied; and too much to go into here.', "If bullying in schools, workplaces, neighborhoods, and marriages are becoming extreme... ONE SIDE has to be THE BIGGER and start ACTING 'IN SPIRIT' OF WHAT IS CALLED maturity or OTHER CENTERED MANNERS. / and business will not be able to fire. (they need reason) TAKE IT ALL... TAKE THE SCOURGING, THE  BRUTALITY, THE HARSHNESS... In imitation of the one who also did and eventually was EXALTED... to a LIFE of AUTHENTIC HEAVEN.", "No pain... No gain. (and if one can't take it; THEN YES... by all means LEAVE  A PLACE... God doesn't want us hurt so we can't fight; HIS WAY again. ", "When enough of GOD'S OWN who honor GOD begin acting IN GOD... our enemies will be diminished BY LOVE. (but NEVER condone THEM in their evil ways)", "CONDEMN BAD ATTITUDES AND ACTIONS 'to them' subjectively... AFFIRM them as GOOD as they do good... OR build them UP to know GOOD; BY EXAMPLE in this IS THE WORD 'LEADER.'
The bullying I experienced at my office was partly my fault. I am on the autism spectrum and behavior that would be a red flag for most people is not so obvious to me. I became  what I thought to be very good friends with a coworker and she was the only person that I disclosed my autism diagnosis to. This person really didn\'t like me being friends with anyone else in the office. Sometimes she would get very angry including threatening to tell the whole office some very personal things regarding abuse I had suffered as a child if I didn\'t remember I was "her sidekick only". And, she would intentionally sabotage friendships I made with other coworkers. One night, she showed up at my house and made sexual advances (we are both married) and she was infuriated by my lack of reciprocity to these feelings. ', 'Around the same time, I learned that she had told the several recently hired coworkers that they should avoid me because of my autism and that she had to "babysit me" in social situations. She also told management that I should not be considered for promotions because I couldn\'t handle the job with my condition. Both of these things are entirely untrue. When I eventually confronted her and told her her behavior was unacceptable, she became enraged and told me no one would ever believe me and that she would ruin my life, that she would make sure everyone in the office hated me. She had targeted other employees before and made them miserable, so I went to management and they said it was just my word against hers. They also said that policy required them to report the incident but for my own good they wouldn\'t. (The offender is very good friends with office management.) I went to the Ombudsman (university mediation) and was told that same sex female harassment would be embarrassing to report so I should just let it go. ', 'For months after, she spread countless rumors about me including saying I had slept with several male coworkers. She turned coworker after coworker against me and the office became a miserable place to work. When I returned to management about the bullying, they laughed it off saying no one believed her and I should learn to get along with her. However, it was well known that new employees were told they had to "pick sides." And, there were coworkers that were friends with this woman who would not be in the same room with me. I eventually found another position but it is within the same organization and at meetings, former coworkers continue to treat me like a pariah. 5 months later I still have nightmares about this. I wish I would have stood up for myself. And, what\'s worse, is that the few people who remained friends with me are the new targets.
So you have been bullied and YOU do know it. What is most frustrating is that of NOT being believed. Your boss doesn\'t believe your words, your co-workers shrug and look the other way, even if they do know what is happening. It is a ME FIRST survival mode in offices these days, you want to talk about it to immediate family... they listen at first but say a casual "you just have to get on with living" ... let it go. (It\'s a tough thing to let it go, because we are honest, we were doing things as we should, we want to learn so this incident won\'t happen again, and we want to make sure NO ONE else experiences bullying; EVER AGAIN) We were raised to place trust in good authority and now authority betrays us in favor of subjective siding with THE OTHER.', "So how do we get the word out to as many as possible; so that BULLIES are exposed and in that exposure have to change their tactics (because they don't work anymore).", "Reading books helps victims of bullies; but billies and management aren't going to read about workplace bullies, this website helps victims of bullies, but bullies themselves would read the stories here and laugh... not believing a word of it, some bullies even believe they are also victims. ", "How does one bring bullies 'out of the dark' and into the 'light' so that everyone recognizes the signs of who is a bully? How do we get the bully to recognize his ill mannered and disrespectful ways? ", "The only way is for those who know how to be DIFFERENT than that workplace mentality of 'going for the bucks' get outta my way... We who KNOW must be a 100 percent CONTRAST to 'the bully' ... as manipulative and nasty they are we have to be ALL THE NICER. We have to be STRONG in ways of strength that the bully has not a clue about. ", 'The bullies idea of strength is to rant, scream, throw tantrums and give orders. (as though the worker they are speaking to is but a child and mindless and unknowing) We have to be WHAT OUR BULLLY IS NOT. We \'worker class\' have to begin to LEAD by example. (which we always did but we must be 100 PERCENT without flinching) Not a word to management for help, we can go direct to the screamer and we can start talking to them, we can be SO APOLOGETIC, we can look like the submissive person they are trying to make us be... but TO OURSELVES WE KNOW \'truth\' / and we are in doing all of this... TURNING THE OTHER CHEEK (not turning the cheek to be smacked again; but to turn it by not being fearful of bullies... going right up to them directly and showing THEM how adults of maturity act. Do it time and time and time again. STEEL YOURSELF every a.m. in the car with spiritual tapes, go to an early a.m. worhsip service, ask THE ONE who is really in control (before exiting car in parking lot) GIVE MY YOUR STRENGTH LORD FOR THE DAY, or help me Lord to do your will, or a favorite of mine "GUIDE ME LORD IN MY WORDS AND ACTIONS this DAY" ', "Whether our Bully changes...it won't matter. We 'won' where the winning really counts. (Bullies only see the here and now... but we see OUR REAL FUTURE).", 'Any who suffer for doing GOOD... ', '.', 'HAVE A CLEAR CONSCIENCE in GOD and you have shown strength the bully only wishes they could possess. ', "Our world is (sorry have to use a word, that has become lost) BUT 'sin' is pervasive in our nation. And by that sin, many are insecure in themselves because the lack the presence of GOD in them. Thus we have those whose ideas of strength is  physical only (anger screamed, belittling, mocking, intimidating actions, or  manipulative psychological 'techniques' taught in psychology 101; which I believe they were 'taught' so as to get us 'worker class' persons to produce.  ", "The generation of World War II had a different tactic; it was called SELF RESPECT coming from a disciplined and orderly manner of living. They of that generation respected workers because they 'once were workers' (today, many are put into positions of authority; just because of a degree) They are not humble, not self respecting so they see all as 'same as' they... bad. And (ODD it is) but they really are ranting at themselves... are angry with themselves... when they yell at the worker person. (I read; those who condemn another; are condemning  themselves with the same words) Put a figurative mirror in front of them; and  laugh to yourself; realizing THIS PERSON is mad 'at themselves' NOT us. They are ignorant of good. (of God and his meek, humble, patience OF THEM).", "Do to others as you wish it done TO you... BY A GOD who could smack any of us down 'INSTANTLY' and yet let's us move, breathe, and have being. If we do good and show good to our enemy... (or pseudo enemy) HOW MUCH MORE GOOD awaits us... for glorifying HIM... THAT THE WORLD does not know.", "AND THIS... is how we glorify God... not in words, not in preaching, but by 'taking them', correcting them directly (gently) and meekly obeying 'not them' BUT GOD. ", "Sound confusing but keep in mind; GOD controls it all and this bad co worker or boss... IS GOD'S TEST to us... HOW MUCH do you LOVE ME? Show me; by your actions being MY ACTIONS... teach them WHO I AM... this is why I 'hired' you here; to show this one THE TRUE WAY, TRUTH, AND LIFE of ABUNDANCE (happiness, joy, peace)", "The world NEEDS us... out there; don't let that world SHOVE US OUT.", 'amen
It's been 4 years unemployment. The last position was THE WORST in terms of having to endure a bully co-worker, with an office and title (but I did not report directly to her) I know this as fact; because I was given the responsibility of setting up the organization charts for my department (HR) and other departments. I didn't report to this person. MUTUALLY COLLABORATIVE? It should have been. Did this administrator get her instruction from OUR boss? More than likely. She did not act 'on her own' --  but she was speaking of ways that differed greatly from THE BOSS... or gave instruction 'as she walked PAST my desk' (perhaps to give other management the idea I was to be 'feared' / She began her job 5 weeks after me (we were both new together -- yet; OUR BOSS left us alone and went on a two week vacation. OH OH... that IS POOR MANAGEMENT. (Trouble trouble trouble) I needed the experience; I could not just leave. I vowed to 'stick it out' and for first year I was 'sharper than the last two incidents.' I think I was frustrating her to no end. Eventually HER BOSS (our boss but she would openly come in, in a.m., and shout HOW IS MY BOSS today?) * so much for showing 'we are team.' (psychological game playing but I'm not sure of what type of psychology)", 'We were CO WORKERS in a three-some department. Problem: I worker (me) and two with title "administraTOR." ', "1. TIP 1 - NEVER work in a department of '3' -- It is always a truth that management or administraTION sticks together. (they used to do it with grace and support to worker but when management has little to manage work wise; management gets bored and begins to type their own letters, file, take things from file, and do their own photocopyng. (HINT: THIS IS A SIGN your worker position IS NOT NEEDED) ", "A place with much work to do; will have 'at least' two workers to ever two administrators of a department. If there's 2 with title and you are given the worker role... there is 'no real work for you.'  Unless you are specifically working for 'a boss' and that is made clear... don't be the low person on totem pole these days. (or if you are, make sure it is a temp assignment to do and leave in a  designated time; this will prevent one administrator 'attacking' to get you to quit. They can't get you out; you are a contract employee. (know the game rules that management knows)", "2. TIP 2 - in dealing with such environment. DO SHOW ...YOU KNOW. Don't ever go to THE BOSS to complain (your tormentor wants that so much) Instead; every instance of difficulty between you and another 'worker with title' ... speak to her directly and nicely. If she screams or rants in face. BREATHE a deep breath; but not 'too loud' she hears... in other words; DON'T say anything to the rant; but STEP BACK... yourself (not literally just step back) SEE 'this person' as POOR AND UNEDUCATED in manners and etiquette. SEE this person as troubled. We are good and if we saw a wounded animal we would do what? SHOW IT COMPASSION. (we would not snap at it or hurt it) Our co workers today are  SO WOUNDED BY LIFE ... unable to handle their life... they TRY TO CONTROL OTHERS (control starts with SELF of course; i.e.: SELF CONTROL, but they don't know this) SO... it is now ON US to 'teach them' how to be 'by example' and SWALLOW our pride... / after the rant; PATRONIZE them to the nth degree. OH MY GOD… I am so SORRY... you poor thing; of course of course you are so right (this is what OUR boss did to this one) The boss doesn't patronize anyone except those she thinks little of. To those she respects as knowing; she states need, explains the need fully, steps back in trust of this worker she hired and the work gets done.  When someone RANTS to give 'orders' ... realize who has the problem... treat them AS A WOUNDED ANIMAL... (be part of 'the game'  of manipulative in THE GOOD WAY... for sake of company) Company will find no fault in you, and bully will not have any grounds to speak TO anyone of you. (it's hard... but must be these days) The word for this way is coming.", "3. The above does not mean we are doormats. It looks that way, but in essence we are standing up for OUR GOOD WAY... they never learned. A true doormat lets the other kick us and wipe feet on us; and we do NOTHING. WIMP. Real strength of character is to GIVE IT BACK TO THEM... GIVE compassion, empathy, attention, praise, ask them questions they have to answer (don't make questions too hard) build them up... (and remember THE bosses that count see it all) Biblical... do what is good and they will have no complaint against you. When this bully tries to complain; she will be seen as WRONG. (and she will back down) TURN THE TABLES ON THE BULLY ... don't feed into the BULLY by fighting her or him on their terms... 'WE THE GOOD' will lose EVERY TIME. (THIS is to HUMBLE ourselves and as is written THE HUMBLE GET EXALTED... the EXALTED get HUMBLED. (PRACTICAL application is written above)", "4. Now of course, we are human and there is only so much patronizing we can do. If our jobs are made difficult to the point our reputation or work performance is not to the quality our employer deserves because of the co worker's sabotage. DO NOT point at her or him EVEN THEN... GET OUT. If our goals are not being satisfied, if we are not in alignment with company goals... It is a BAD situation and the only way to get out of it is to be of such confidence in ourselves (and the one who is for us always) and give notice (customary 2 weeks notice) never wince, no tears, no complaints about anyone, no pointing. The company already knows the real problem... but they can't do anything about it. (third party edicts to them tell them NO; you can't fire anyone. Yes, I heard this from one who goes to HR seminars run by state) They can't fire anyone. ", "SO... we 'the good' have to know the game rules going in. BE 'THE BEST' ... top notch in EVERY ASPECT of CHARACTER. (it can even be a fun game to us; as we now are not oblivious and do the opposite of what the bully wants us to do.)", "DON'T FIGHT THEM by playing 'their game' / we are DIFFERENT. We answer to a higher 'boss'... whose benefits to us someday are OUT OF THIS WORLD--AND FOREVER. (Keep the perspective in right place)", 'At home; LAUGH about them... to those who do know and love you.
To my surprise workplace holds many various areas of company culture. It can be office, business, vendors, colleagues and a mirage of other named work related relationships.', 'One part that seems to be the biggest issue is when you confront a person that is making you uncomfortable or a person who is taking advantage of your kindness (as a weakness).', "I have been a target of harassment my entire adult life in one form another. Maybe I am the problem? Well not so fast. You see it all has to do with nice people. If you have a certain nice personality and you don't fight back you get into a victim trap that goes with you to work, school, relationships and business ventures. The best advise is to stand and do it with confidence.", 'Once a bully always a bully to some degree. Once a victim always a victim to some degree? NO absolutely not. Find what energy you are giving off to cause the bully to think they can combat with you, or just speak sarcasm. Then show what you are made of.', 'If they are talking bad about you at work send them a certified note saying if this continues I will take evidence to the company with a log of daily assaults. (Give them one chance)', 'If it is slander on the internet and it is an alias name but you know who the perpetrator is, send them also a certified letter of the warning. If they continue, take it to the authorities, give them all you know about the person, name, address, work, phone, and the logs. Plus what they are doing to you professionally and personally. If you are in fear of them hurting you physically give your reasoning why and file charges.', 'Bullying can lead to someone going overboard and hurting someone, so authorities are actually taking it more seriously.', 'First thing to do is realize you are a human being that deserves a certain amount of human respect and decency. To say the least to be left alone.', "Some bullies attack at work because they have an insecure MO. Others attack online and write slanderous info about a colleague or a business connection. Maybe based on what the bully believes to be true or believes they can justify. Sometimes it can be someone you fired or someone who you have wronged in their eyes. It doesn't matter bullying, stalking or harassment are all in the same crime.", 'People all make mistakes and bullies sometimes after being confronted will admit their wrong doing and apologize. Others just continue to slander, humiliate or persecute the victim until someone stops them.', "A persons private life is guarded under the Privacy Acts of the federal and state governments. Anyone taking private collected information of a citizen of the US and using it to callously hurt another is an arbitrary violation of federal and state laws. Just as in identity theft laws. If you know someone's private medial information, private information concerning their minor children or families is part of the laws connected to identity theft. ", 'Fines and imprisonment are part of the new bill Cyber Bully Rescue hopes to get passed. ', 'Another law is that we want to be able to go back a minimum of 5 years for any defamation relating to the violent bully acts surrounding major cases of either workplace bully crime or cyber bully related crimes.', 'The best way to stop a crazy obsessed bully is to beat them at their own game. Use the law to force them to stop. The best way to a persons fear is take their assets. Punitive damages for slander, humiliation or persecution can be more money than its worth for the bully to continue. ', 'Be careful on getting the bullying too upset if you think they could hurt you.', 'One case I am going to refer on , my colleague filed a complaint about person at work and  the bully was fired for harassing this man. Two weeks later, he started harassing him by slandering him in his hometown, church and sports league. He filed suit and the man broke in his house and tried to assault him. Be very careful how far you go, try to understand the bullies MO and how much or how far they would go to hurt you. What starts out as a slander, bully or verbal assault could turn into a physical assault over the course of time. Do not underestimate the bully, they have metal issues or motives you cant try to figure out unless you know their medical history. Most things can go unnoticed until you have enough evidence to actually have them arrested.', "If you can prove someone intentionally ruined your reputation and they are in another state it can be federal. So cross your T's dot your i's and log, record and take notice of any behavior that is off the charts as normal. Whatever you do, do not become part of the slander if its online or at work. Two wrongs will not get your case anywhere. If they check your IP address and see you have been part of slanderous accusations your case goes out the window.", 'I have had a group of bullies following me for a total of 5 consecutive years they all feed off one another because they have one thing in common—me. Instead of having the ability to move forward they continue to harass and embellish on the slanderous side of thread blogs.', 'It is getting close that any form of harassment will be considered a threat to a persons life and at that point people will only write truths and leave out the negative narratives of deceit. Politicians are also in the game of ruining reputations. The difference is they truly do need to back up their evidence and also record who they are.', 'In this land of the free we all have the right of due process, the right to liberty and justice for all. Not just for the workplace bully or the cyber bully. Remember that any form of harassment that makes you uncomfortable, scared, or worried is a form of bullying. You have rights under every state in the constitution to protect your reputation, your freedom, and your right to liberty and happiness that is what makes us the greatest nation in the world.', 'The men who fought for our freedom to live peacefully and with liberty in all areas of ones life did not do it in vain.', 'If someone takes that away from you have a right to due process to hold that person accountable in the court of law.', 'There are laws coming out that if someone is harassing you at work and you can get one person to validate the harassment you have a case for punitive damages.', 'If you are being bullied on cyberspace you have the right to get IP addresses on the perpetrator or if more than one perpetrators. ', 'Once you have IP addresses it will be your right to prosecute in your state. It may take up to 3 years once you start the process but once cases are tried and won in some states the due process time will be minimized. ', 'Keep track of where your bullies are living. When all evidence is collected and ready to prosecute you will need to have their whereabouts to have them arrested. Just do not confront them or do what they are doing to you. ', 'First states to try the laws will be as follows:', 'New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and Georgia', 'Hang in there and if you can afford to get an attorney and remove negative comments or get BRAND.com to help you, it would be in your best interest to get IP addresses before being cleared.', 'It only takes 10 separate direct insults of defamation for it to be a criminal act in the state of OHIO (Ponderous evidence to do harm). If someone is stalking you or your business even on the internet it is a form of stalking. That is 7 separate acts of stalking makes a case. ', 'Whether you are being bullied or stalked you need to take note: these offenses are a crime. ', 'Will you please help us?', 'Thanks to this site we have a place to collaborate. We have over 100 people all across the US going so far. We need at least 100 more to really have an impact on the current legislation of the laws.', 'If you would like to be apart of my lobbying group going to Washington Jan 14th please contact me. The stronger we stand together the more impact we will have.', 'Let me know your case and I may be able to refer you to my attorney that works on a contingency basis he is in Washington DC and handles all states but Hawaii. ', 'cyberbullyresucue@gmail.com', 'Angel Bischak
I have been at the same company for five years and I really don't know how I hung on so long.", 'My first manager was fired for not doing his job, and the woman who trained me went to another department (there are only two collectors and a manager).', 'Well, a woman that worked there before came back after leaving for three months and the previous collection manager took over. This woman never did any collecting of delinquent bills and I was lacking in knowledge of the banking industry. My co-worker is very strong willed and says things out of context. (My mom calls her the green eyed monster because she thinks she is jealous of me).', 'I am the type of person who asks a lot of questions and if something comes up that someone else is doing, I want to learn as well.', 'I made the mistake of telling this co-worker a confidential piece of information. (The fact that I take antidepressants.) I trust people too much. First she told me she was sick of babysitting me while I try to learn my job and then we had a customer that had a delinquent loan and was saying that things were bad for him right now due to depression. My co-worker said in a loud voice that maybe I should talk to him since we have so much in common! We have a small office. I was humiliated.', 'After that it just got worse. I have low self esteem to begin with but she drug me so far down, I went to 2 weeks of outpatient therapy to try to get myself together and not...', 'This co-worker would print every tiny piece of information I forgot to input into the system. She would print them all out and give them to my manager (who is friends with this coworker). I found mistakes that she made but never said a word. I would be accused of trying to get back at her.', "I even went as far as to change my work schedule so I wouldn't have to work with her as much.", 'She took one friend I had and turned her against me and now I sit in an office with her and three of her friends who whisper and gossip about me.', 'I went to my manager and the CFO when I had my yearly review and told them everything. They said they wished I would have come to them sooner with my issues. Nothing was accomplished and to my knowledge she was not reprimanded.', "I'm going to cut this short and tell you what happened in the last 2 weeks. When my co-worker wants to get a rise out of me she will come over to my cubicle instead of emailing. Well, she came over to me on a Friday when my boss was out and proceeded in her smart ass way to give me the information. Well, I didn't take her shit and gave her a pretty smart attitude... She went to my boss on Monday with what happened. I was called in (the 3 of us) and my manager asked what happened and I just shrugged my shoulders. MY CO-WORKER wanted an apology.", 'It took everything I had not to laugh. My boss told her to leave and my manager proceeded to rip me a new one. She told me she needed to think and told me to leave.', "Two days later my boss came to me and asked if I had time to think and I just looked at her. I asked her where are my apologies? She said that is in the past. I said so I am supposed to suck it up and then apologize to her? My manager would not let me state my side of the story and ever since then it is my co-worker and my manager making my life hell.  So, I figured I would just shut down. I would do my job and be polite and help anyone that needs help, but that's it.
I was subjected to corporate bullying for years in a small company. The office manager took a dislike to me as I was seen as extremely competent in my role. She started to isolate me, and colleagues followed her lead as their jobs were at risk also if they didn't. I made an informal complaint. She was related to the owners, who decided it was easier on them to back her. Shortly after my complaint she used the disciplinary procedure against me over non existent and fabricated allegations, secretly recorded phone calls and meetings, altered witness statements, monitored my emails constantly, and having fired me, continued their surveillance of my movements, querying and blackening my name in the industry. ", 'Following dismissal for gross misconduct for a false allegation, they warned ex colleagues not to maintain any contact with me. I had to be treated for PTSD for months prior to and after dismissal.', 'I successfully sued them, on points of failure to carry out procedure, failure to use disciplinary sanctions equally across the workforce, improper use of disciplinary procedure, failure to carry out investigations, proportionality of sanctions etc etc....', 'Why do more people not take the legal course of action? It is not worth the possible long term alteration to mental health and damage to your physical health to remain in such situations.', "P.s I did not really believe victims were faultless prior to this, and guiltily, in other jobs I am ashamed to say I had witnessed isolated employees who were being slagged off etc, and, although I didn't actively participate or encourage the behaviour I may have appeared to have sided with the wrong side just because I did not want to be associated with the 'weak'. Shame on me, it will never happen again.
I work for a very large company in Upstate NY. I witnessed something very disturbing one day when I pulled in. There was a manger out in the parking lot with an employee, calling her names and swearing at her. I was like WOW, this is so not right.', 'Later that night I went to my girlfriends house to watch a movie and she so happened to have this manager on her Facebook page. I explained what happened at work and she logged in to find out that the manager was making terrible remarks about this poor little girl that works for the company... the saddest thing is the manager has where she works right on her profile.', 'The girl filed a complaint but I see the manager is still there. HELLO fire her. I would have sued the company if that happened to me. Just to let you know I did go to HR and tell them what I saw to help the girl out. Pretty sick for a suppose to be one of the greatest insurance companies to let that happen.
I was formerly the CEO of a healthcare association with an operating budget of $1.4 million and 11 staff. During the six and a half years of my employment, I increased the operating budget by half a million dollars and banked another half a million in reserves. After a poor decision by the board (which I was not in support of), the reserves I had built were depleted.  Upon assessment, I recommended restructuring parts of the organization, and received buy-in and support from the board.  The restructuring required the elimination of a tenured employee, which is the beginning of my story.', "I was completely taken off-guard when a letter, signed by all but three of my staff, was sent to the board accusing me of extreme (and untrue) unprofessional behavior, such as sleeping with board members, and physically hitting and verbally abusing staff.  The board launched a full investigation, and I was found innocent of the accusations; however, the staff relentlessly continued a smear campaign against me and even filed a complaint with the National Labor Relations Board.  Attorney's were engaged to protect the organization and, ultimately, the board took a vote of no confidence in my abilities as CEO.", 'I spent over $5,000 of my own money trying to negotiate my continued employment with the board but to no avail.  As a CEO, I was a contractual employee and the board terminated my contract, citing no cause.  My attorneys advised me that there was no case against the board or the association but I could file a civil suit against the employees for an additional fee.  Of course this was not an option, as my professionalism and career was a stake.  While we are supposed to be innocent until proven guilty, the press alone would have been enough to cast doubt on my abilities as a CEO, preventing me from working in my chosen field.  It is a sad world when people can make false accusations against you and not be held accountable for their actions.', "I was unemployed for 8 months—the longest I had gone without working for my entire career—partially due to the economy but partially because of the depression and PTSD I suffered as a result of what had happened.  I've been working for the past two and a half years for a very small association (only 1 staff person and myself) at less than half the salary I was making before, and I still suffer on occasion from PTSD symptoms.", 'Workplace bullying and mob mentality can happen to anyone, even the boss.  Kudos to the brave people who experienced similar situations and the founders of this site.
My experience is bad, I have only been there for 1 month. I and others are made to clean toilets with bare hands. When I refused the supervisor told me to wrap my hands in toilet paper, saying they all do it. The cash drawers have no keys and we are not allowed to count our money, other employee's use each other's cash drawers. Managers come collect your money and count it in private, needless to say several of us have been told we have been short and will have to pay the money back.", 'I have been verbally abused on the floor by a manager. But the ultimate, we have to call for help when we need to go to the bathroom, so I kept calling over and over I had held my self so long that I had to slip away or embarrass myself. When I came out of the bathroom I was jumped by a boss who said I never called. She said next she would answer, well the next time I was forced to urinate my clothes because she refused to relieve me again. When she found out what had happened she laughed about it, oh and others know.', 'I am so scared to go to work each day, because what if claim my cash is short. I feel that they are harassing me to make me quit or someone is stealing from my drawer, but how would I know over 5 to 9 people have access to my drawer and I am not allowed to count it. ', "Please help my mom was a teller manager and can't believe the lack of security.
There is a guy who makes it his personal goal to make everyone\'s life at work miserable because he did not graduate college. He would rather spend time criticizing people than coming up with an answer to the problem. This has been a constant complaint around the work place. A few of us are lucky to be college graduates. Somehow this fellow got "grandfathered" in. Which means he was around when they needed people and showed some improvement. But there are many times, people think he does this to make sure nobody improves further beyond him. There are people who have improved in experience but when you\'re the guy the boss asks, what is stopping him from lying?
My story begins in 1988 and continues in every position I have ever held regardless of my rank, position, or duties. I have been an Executive Director, an addictions treatment therapist, counselor for a women's and children's program, children's therapist, a medical interventionist, a clinical services coordinator, and currently a therapist in a crisis respite facility. I am entirely aware of the traits I possess that make me an excellent target and as I am now 60 years old I no longer expect to hold a position in a conventional facility without being bullied eventually.", 'My core ability to rapidly assess all my clients, build rapport almost immediately, and conduct what I now term rapid response interventions stems from the fact that I am a survivor of almost every type of trauma, abuse, neglect, addiction, and compromised social condition you can throw at me. The sad fact is that I have reported to so many personality disordered managers, especially here in Alaska (I will cite the reasons for that later) that I can easily identify which category they fall into rather quickly. Despite all that I continue to suffer each time I am bullied. Granted, because I have specialized in treating trauma and anxiety disorders, I am able to command myself well in most situations, there are times when I feel worn down to a nubbin and I react knowing full well that the bully is again feeling triumphant.', "The details of each job's mobbing and bullying differ in accordance with the characters, but most of the time, the dynamics were similar. You see, I am often seen as particularly annoying because I am proficient in both clinical and administrative skills. I am not boasting but my IQ is very high. On top of that, I am an American Indian/Irish individual with a nose for rooting out oppression. I am always pro client and I am very effective in motivating change in people who feel that life has kicked the crap out of them. For this, I am pretty consistently bullied.", 'I am currently a target again, but I am in a completely unique situation in which the manager targeting me is increasingly desperate to regain a stranglehold on the power she lost due to the onset of a complete financial collapse of the organization. She blames it all on the state and has no accountability herself. She is a Queen Bee and I am The Threat. We are now in receivership and there are objective parties (consultants) in the organization running middle management because she bullied them all out. I report to a consultant who trusts me!', "Alaska is the final refuge of people from the lower 48 who grandiose ideas of themselves, can manipulate their way into top positions and then wreck an entire organization here. It's is fertile ground for bullies of all kinds.", "One thought: the book is lacking information on the specifics of self change involving neural plasticity, dampening reactivity, adversity tolerance, and stress inoculation. These are my specialty in treating trauma survivors. I have become quite proficient at this as I have experience across my life span in all kinds of trauma. At my age, I know with confidence that the bully is the problem because whenever I have taught university classes, I always pack my courses. My sense of humor is well-developed and is often my best friend in psychological survival. I have never been bullied in an academic environment because I was on my own in my classes and the administrators naturally loved the fact that I filled all the seats. Indeed, I know that I threaten lesser minds who are not creative in solving problems and who may fear shaking the janitor's hand, but I really enjoy a good conversation with all the people in my environment. Humble means not above or below. Perhaps I can share some details of how I now handle bullying. By the way, in all these years I've only been officially fired once. Thanks for reading my story.
Just recently I was bullied on the job by a person who daily remind me that she had been there 17+ years at the company. I was shunned and cut out of the circle by sending me out to do demeaning jobs while she sat criticizing every move I made. The needed information for my training was refused to me and again was reminded that they had been there um-teen years and I was not stepping on their territory on the job.', 'Twilight zone is where I thought I was working in this un-real situation that was my nightmare every night to endure. No longer will I let myself be a victim to this kind of behavior. No one should have to tolerate this kind of treatment at any age. My education was brought up on various times and they would constantly down spiral my credentials and continued education.', 'I hope as long as I live I never lower myself to treat another human being like this under any circumstance.
After my mother died, I found a new job on my birthday which enables me to start fresh and forgot about my unhappy lost of my mother. However, I meet these horrible people that ganged up to bully me, manipulate, and lied that they did not do it or said what they said. ', 'Things got so complicated that I left that workplace, to make things worst one of the bully told management that I harassed him, but it was him that was harassing me from day one. I have two supervisors who kept feeding my manager crap and my manager believed it. ', 'They all stood on those bully side, and no one believe me - I lodged a complaint which then started a private investigation but the problem is that the private investigate is controlled by my previous employer and these bullies so they can have all the evidences, and witnesses. ', "It was so simple, I just want to come in and work and make a difference - but they keep annoying me, and wouldn't leave me alone. They are trying to twist the situation by arguing that it was not intentional, or that it was office politics making it not illegal so they can get away with it. I don't want compensation, I just want the world to know that what they did and how it led to so much conflicts and unnecessary misunderstanding that cost my job.", 'This bully is a lawyer so he keep using these "she broke the rules etc" as an excuses to blame everything on me. They control everything - lucky I knew what is going on around me, so I had everything prepared but they have too much control so they can ask people to act around me, manipulate others, and I feel so powerless. But, it was them that was wrong - it was that lawyer feeding people false information, and now everyone thinks I am in delusional and no one believe me. Now, my resume look out of place - but it was that lawyer that started everything. He can ask a judge to authorise an investigation and make me under investigation to make me look like a criminal but it was him - it was him!!!
I have worked for the ... for the last nine years.  During my last 7 years as a public servant, I worked as a “DOJ” Compliance Auditor on a special assignment.  My sincere attempt to assist the department has cost me my career and most importantly my civil rights.  I am victim of constant surveillance in my professional and personal life.  In April 2009, I received notice that I would be receiving “assistance” with auditing three residential treatment facilities.  During this time, I noticed that I was under increased surveillance.  In July 2009, I filed a hostile environment complaint with management after being retaliated against by two managers, three supervisors, and two lead officers while carrying out my duties of an auditor.  My duties consisted of reviewing and checking the content, completion, accuracy, and policy compliance of all documentation including but not limited to the Special Housing Unit (SHU) Movement Logs, Grievances, and Request for Services, Enhanced Supervision Observation Forms, Special Incident Reports, and Physical Intervention Reports.', 'Some of my findings included minors were held in isolation for extended periods of time without proper documentation,  grievances were not addressed or not addressed in a timely manner, and minors under  enhanced (“suicide watch”) supervision not properly supervised to name a few.', 'In September 2010, I filed another retaliation complaint with the department for retaliation, intimidation, harassment, slander, and defamation of character.   As a result, I succumbed to a work related injury in which … refuses to take responsibility for.  I took a leave without pay from September 2010-November 2011.  In November 2011, I returned to work and assigned by the Return to Work Unit to … where the surveillance and retaliation continued. ', 'I discovered at ... that my files had been deleted and emails that I had sent were altered in some way were deleted, changed or created.  An example of an altered email is that of an work related email dated December 5, 2010, where I allegedly wrote to a male counter part  telling him “I love you with all my heart” and “I am not going to the meeting”.  If you recall, I was on work injury leave during September 2010-November 2011.  The surveillance and harassment increased once the department knew that I was aware that they were not only monitoring what I did at work but that they also were monitoring my phone calls, personal vehicle activity, and home life.   ', 'On December 8, 2011, I checked in the … emergency room for chest pain, shortness of breath, and pain in my neck and shoulders.  The Return to Work Unit decided to give me “freeway therapy” and send me 70 miles from home to Camp Headquarters.  The retaliation and surveillance increased at Camp headquarters where a target was drawn with white chalk in front of the module I was working out of.  On February 2, I was seated in the supervisor’s office when I heard the words to a metal song “you are going to die”.', 'On February 9, I returned from lunch when several co workers were seated in the break room and simulated the sounds of gun shots as I walked into the supervisor’s office.  I was under continuous monitoring at my desk location, restroom, parking lot, and any other place I visited while at work.  My phone conversations and computer activity was being monitored.  I was subjected to verbal abuse such as being referred to as a “puta” (whore) by a clerk, “desgraciada” (disgraceful) by a fellow probation officer, and “...” by my supervisor.  On one occasion, an officer sang the words “slap that bitch” as I walked by him in the parking lot.', 'On March 1, I was parked in front of a mini market in … and what appeared to be a brown Camaro pulled up aside me and a male Latino gang member in his late mid to twenties pulled aside my car and displayed his tattoo RIP, put on a jacket and lifted his head in a greeting manner and drove off.  On March 2, 2012, a white Corolla with black tinted windows pulled in front of me on the freeway while I was on the 210 freeway driving home from work.  The rear passenger pulled the window and stuck his hand covered with a glove out of the window. There were four young men in the vehicle.', 'I was placed off of work on March 5, 2012 as a result of these incidents.  Since then, I changed the locks to my house because I noticed that during the time I was working my stuff was rearranged and my medication was tampered with.
It was a quick process. Started 8/14/12, and ened 10/1/12 when I was fired. 11 people in the office, mobbed by 6 of them. The Comptroller, the CEO, Human Resources, Group Manager, Supervisor, Director of Marketing, etc', 'All wrote nasty emails about me. ie- I will sue the company, fake a back injury, etc etc. I used crude language, had another job, it is the American Way. I was written up leaving my phone while I used the restroom. The I will sue statement was hand written, and when they notified me, the person that wrote this asked that they name another person, as the author not herself.', 'When asked about my lawsuit, they told me it was a rumor, nothing more, after I was fired. They sent me a redacted hand written note claiming I was going to sue.', 'They even sent the police to my house, claiming I was going to rob a bank.', 'My supervisor is an extreme Atheist and hates God, Indians from India, and Asians. 6 years and no reference.
Dedicated employee, outgoing always wanting to help expand the mission statement set forth by my employer.  I was targeted for I was outgoing, always willing to step up to the challenge and helping others along the way.  Apparently, others did not take kindly to my work ethics, and hence the mobbing began by managers and directors less dedicated to the company.  Comments like "you never say no to anything" came my way.', 'I was an easy target, as senior employees familiar with my work ethic left their positions, and new younger eager to make it to the top by back stabbing employees were hired.  No longer employed, left with symptoms similar to PTSD. ', 'Taking time to heal from this bad experience.
I have been dealing with a workplace bully for almost three years. I have written letters to the union and to the supervisors and have had meetings with no positive outcome. I have sent documents to head administrators and have asked the union if I could take pictures of the boss stalking me outside at lunch. Hiding outside my door listening to what I'm saying, putting staff against me, reminding me all the time he's a boxer.", "He has yelled at me in front of waiting clients I was told they are only clients. He has made me stop going to lunch with co-workers and has told me that I can't talk to friends that work with me outside the job. He has degraded me and has brought people in from other agencies to help boost morale even when I told him our jobs are totally different. The staff member came for one hour and realized that she didn't do the work that I do.  He tells me I am my own back up not giving me help with any of my work but insists that I back up all other support staff as I am the manager.", 'It brings me to tears what I think sometimes and constant degradation in front of everyone.  He puts constraints on me hoping I will fail and I keep pulling through. The most recent was Friday, May 3. I wore my BOSTON STRONG t-shirt to work on dress down day. One hour after being at work I received and email from him requesting I accept him on link-- I declined. When I came out of my office he told me my Boston Strong t-shirt was inappropriate.', "As I received praises the entire day for my shirt I told everyone what he had said to me and sent a copy to the union and the commissioner.  HE SCREAMED AT ME IN FRONT OF ALL THE STAFF AND SAID WE WILL ME MONDAY TOLD ME TO LISTEN UP—I'm tired.
I am a high school drama teacher. I have been teaching for 12 years (6 years at my current site). I have never had much trouble with my students, but this year has been a very stressful year.', "My youngest brother is a senior and for 3 and a half years, it hasn't been much of a problem having him here. My brother wants to be an actor and so he tries hard to get the roles he's casted in, but I purposely waited for his senior to allow him to audition for major roles.", "Prom was Saturday and he decided to go out for prom king, something I never thought he'd try because he never went out for anything before, not even drama club president.", "During the campaign, someone made a flier that said my brother's girlfriend was pregnant and posted them at the park at the end of the corner and on the light posts that surround the school. At prom there was a flier that had my name, my brother's name and the name of his best friend posted on cars parked outside (I'm not going to post what is said, but it was highly inappropriate).", 'Today there is a new flier and the radius is bigger.', 'Someone came to my house and tagged my garage and car.', 'A bomb threat was called the opening of my last show.', 'Students whisper lies about how I interact with my drama students.', "I have always loved teaching, but I'm seriously thinking about a career change.", "I have 2 kids, a son and a daughter. My children want to come here to be in the theatre and music programs, but I don't know if I can allow them to be here. I don't know if I can be here.", "The administration knows about these instances, but there's not much that can be done.
6 years ago I joined  a small distribution company; first thing I noticed 80% of staff had been there for 10 years or more.  Secondly everyone seem to be related to each other, friends of friends, cousins, sisters, mother and daughter etc. ', "Many cliques. In comes ME, outsider; contractual worker who has no 'ties' to anyone there.  Newbie, fresh meat for the wolves. My bad luck I get a boss who craves attention and is an egotist. She came in a year before me and I was hired to do her administrative work. The first 3 years was tolerable as it was only my boss and myself in the department.  She was recently promoted (last year) and currently in charge of 3 departments. 1 dept in particular is run by a woman who has been with the company for 35 years; she was foaming at the mouth.  My boss asked me to help out, that's where my problems began. Rather than have it out with my boss; she and her minions began a terror campaign on me.  The other departmental head is her BFF. ", 'Even though I completed tasks that were given to me both heads would complain to my boss that I was not cooperative despite me showing proof and done to expectations. On occasion I even stayed back to help out yet the 2 heads would actually get their minions to complain that I did not do their work. ', 'The Madam 35 years service in company went to the extent of asking her staff to excommunicate me. How did I find out; I casually asked one of her staff how her \'holiday\' was; she told "I\'m sorry I cant talk to you my boss has warned me to stay away from you, not to talk to you, not to even come near you or look at you; please don\'t talk to me." This was said loudly in front of 50 over staff and my boss watching everything.', " A sympathetic observer advised me to protect myself by keeping the lowest of lowest profiles; I stayed away from all staff, coming in to office exactly on time, lunchtime avoiding all contact with the staff and keeping to myself. I shy away from all gatherings and if there is a clique or group talking in front of me; I flee. If I see my boss's bffs; I flee not wanting to be caught in a compromising situation in terms of what I say or may say.  I held on out of necessity because a.) I have dependents, b.) I'm 40 plus and in my country its not easy getting a job at my age. I swallowed every insult. So much so I'm in fear; I suffer from stomach ailments.  ", '35 years in the company, this madam has influence over several depts. One of the departmental secretaries who has nothing whatsoever to do with me asked her staff to pass all incoming mail to me at the 1st week of the month. No memo was given to me nor she did even pick up the phone to tell me. I did not complain. I did the job.', 'My boss now passes remarks about me to other managers in FRONT OF ME.  "Her face is so black because her heart is so evil," "Stupid and cannot be trained."', 'Why have I not complained to HR? HR is afraid of my boss due to her close ties with the CEO.', 'Yesterday I finally broke down and nearly walked out when my boss called me a \'fucking staff\' in front of the whole office then proceeded to say "You have no friends in this office and because of that I have no friends"; I knocked and went back into her office asking as polite as possible to clarify.  Her reaction "I know you don\'t want to do work; S and R complained that they don\'t like to pass work to you; my reaction - please call them in boss; I would like my accusers to clarify as whatever was passed to me was settled on the same day and submitted back to R. "I know you finished the work, its your attitude, you show that you don\'t want to do the work; I know you." "What way am I rude to them?" Her reply, "Get out my office, I don\'t want to see your face." At that point, I couldn\'t help myself and told her; Boss you humiliated me in front of the whole office; I\'m entitled to have an explanation. "Are you challenging me, was her reply?" "You want to fight is it," she went on and on and I left her room. ', "The culprits in question stood outside the door and laughed. People outside of the office have told me that I'm fighting a war that can't be won and its only a matter of time before a.) I develop PTSD and have to leave on my own or b.) My boss finds a strong loophole to throw me out which would please Madam 35 years in service and her bffs. ", 'I have tried and am still trying to find a job. ', "I hope no one has to go through what I'm going though; I would not wish it on my worst enemy.", 'Thanks for listening.
It took a long time for me to accept the bully factor was actually happening to me in the workplace, and had been steadily increasing in abusive violence since a recent merger of companies I worked for. I left my job, went to school, started a small wellness business and the bullies followed me home. They have actually even targeted my mother and daughter and have obvious ties to government intel capabilities. There is no way they could know where we are at all times without the help of communication intelligence. There is no policy to help targets whose private lives have been invaded. I am not hopeful for business success or any peaceful coexistance in the future. My experience and desires for optimal health along with a pursuit of happiness agenda have been silenced by a very large structured bully network.
This is my short version, as what happened to me was enough to write a book:  ', 'After standing up to one bully, I was outrageously bullied by 6 co-worker "friends" on a locked unit (unionized healthcare) while 2 silent witnesses denied the whole thing to keep good with the bullies. I was openly harassed, belittled, outcast, yelled at, mocked, gossiped/lied about, glared at; and called stupid, fat, lazy, paranoid, incompetent, and, later, a "mental mess". ', 'Once, I was whipped in the face with water from a g-tube I passed to the bully RN. My pens were broken in my work bag, and a pair of large, sharp scissors were put in it. I was reported daily to unit management, and seemingly weekly to upper management in a concerted, coordinated effort to have me fired/destroyed.  A 7th bully (the only male) was nice to my face, but was best friends/support to the bullies against me, and spread vicious blame and "paranoia" charges against me to my superiors and co-workers. My union president was good friends with this bully group, and an aggressive bully herself, who also spoke against me.', 'I survived the initial 1.5 years of outward attacks (but later suffered severe PTSD) as their overt attacks were no longer condoned by the company after stating my case (last) to HR, and speaking with the National Union Rep with my documentation. I was able to change working shifts, where I flourished among new staff who saw my good work, which only served to "embarrass" this 7th, most dangerous bully, who slowly succeeded in gaslighting me out through his higher position and manipulation of the new unit manager (who considered him her "son"), and who is a bully herself....they made severe, angry faces at me in secret, refused to acknowledge my presence, speak to me or look me in the eye, and spread drama/gossip among co-workers while playing the victim.', 'I could not go to HR again, as I knew I would be called the problem after HR had stepped in with this manager after firing the old one (for being a drunk and for sexual misconduct with several employees who complained...including me). The CEO had threatened to fire us all after the initial campaign, and the company had us sign a "no-bullying" contract after many in the company quit because of it. Yet, my case was always denied and passed off by upper management, even WCB. In all, 4.5 years of hell (and 10 years in the company) before I was cast off as a "paranoid", even a danger to the unit after a company meeting with my unit manager and her "son" assistant manager. Since I was not present (and no longer an employee) their testimony was accepted and I had not said a word. Even though I quit, management acted as if I was fired: I was not allowed on the unit or to call anyone, and the one resident I was so emotionally close to, and the only one he trusted (after years of compassionate care the others would not give) I was told never to see again.', 'The goodbye card I gave to the unit was taken down immediately and hidden in the office (I have inside knowledge). I tried leaving years earlier, but there were few job opportunities, and then I thought I survived with HR help (but the bullying only went more covert/dangerous the more I excelled and proved them wrong), and now I have no job with a wrecked reputation and no management references. I found no way to deal with this effectively, no matter what, and the bullying remains rampant on the unit I left, with the 7th bully (assistant manager) hiring his sycophants.  ', 'How did I deal with it all? At first, I couldn\'t. After breaking down physically and emotionally at the 1.5 year mark, I took 2 weeks sick leave (the bullies crowed and laughed when I returned). Then when I became educated about workplace mobbing, nobody in management listened or cared, but I learned all about bully tactics. Seeing through them, and thwarting their later efforts only enraged them... winning the battle, but ultimately losing the war, so to speak. After I quit, I lay on the couch for a solid week, nearly paralysed in grief as the stress came out, as I wrote to the owners and the facility leader. I gave damning testimony and witnessed evidence that the unit manager had hidden (I knew she would) in order to pass me off as "imagining" the whole thing. Yet nothing was investigated or changed.', 'I was driven to find new work, but I stopped and went on the long vacation I had booked 1.5 years before (I was forced to quit 4 months shy of it)...my last stop on this vacation was northern Thailand. I was still so hurt and angry, yet emotionally dead, and suffered insomnia and flashbacks...I thought I would be this way for life.', 'Even my daughter had been severely affected by what I brought home from work. Since the height of my mobbing, she became depressed, and a once good student dropped classes and didn\'t graduate. She and I had both changed so much. In Thailand, I was first struck by how society treated each other (to survive their own bullying/corruption): They were overtly kind, seemingly genuine, and would wai (acknowledge you in a prayer/bow). Their attitude was "no problem", and they were quick to apologize for even trivial, non-concerns. They would go over and above to help one another. This was a shock to the system, after coming from a society that does the opposite. My daughter and I would go to "monk chats" and we met one monk who was so traumatized by war in his country that he couldn\'t speak of it, even after 10 years as a Buddhist monk. We connected immediately with his pain, and have since become good friends. The trauma he endured, and his current human rights struggles help take the focus off ours, as well as maintain a sense of partnership in pain, even though I haven\'t shared my experience with him.', 'But it was a chance encounter that saw all my pain and anger evaporate. After paying for an amazing tour, the owner offered to taxi us for free the next day to where we wanted to go in the city. Both my daughter and I gave him a hug in thanks. It was the return hug he gave me: without knowing a thing about me, he filled me with absolute love, and no inappropriate message. I was dumbstruck with it. He had been a monk years before, and maybe this was why. But in that moment, he healed me.', 'I returned home happy, but not ready to return to the work force. I gave pictures of my happy vacation shots to my friends and non-bully co-workers, and all the residents I had once cared for so well through a supportive co-worker (we secretly meet once in a while). I went to the front office and gifted a picture of child monks to my openly hostile CEO (who, ironically, brags about being Buddhist) after friendly front office workers called him out. He acted even more furious when he was informed I was returning to Thailand to volunteer teaching English to novice monks, and he was shown my great vacation shots. I was unaffected by it all, and that was my greatest victory. ', 'I returned to northern Thailand for 3 months, and was embraced by happy, supportive students, teachers, fellow volunteers, contacts and monks who have become, most probably, lifelong friends. I was even invited and shown Cambodia and a home village in Vietnam with the very monk I had bonded with on my first visit to Thailand. The stress weight I had carried before evaporated, and I became fit, happy, and healthy once again. Coming home has been a constant reminder (I live within a block of my old work), but I choose not to let their memories control and hurt me any more...instead, I fill myself with my new experiences and friends abroad. A month after my return, I have no job yet, even with my experience, and believe I may have been blacklisted in the industry (a warning system in healthcare), so I look to alternate training... one that will see me help other people in some way, and see my return to Thailand.', 'I also wish to help others who have been/or are being, mobbed. I have started a meet-up group in Calgary, Alberta. Together, we have the potential to heal.']
I've just downloaded ", ' and hoping it will help because I am at the end of my rope.', 'I work for a female boss who is French. I understand that being a woman in a male dominated environment may be difficult. I understand that being of a different culture may make it hard to fit into a different environment. Where I work however is extremely multicultural and we now have several other French people in the department now who are new to Australia who have no problem being civil. ', 'I undergo on a daily basis my boss yelling, screaming, throwing things, belittling me (and others) and people coming to me who are also suffering because of her. She is very clever though and only does it to certain people. People who are in authority see a different persona. I am not sure if this is bullying per se because she is horrible to a lot of people. Not just me. I am the one who works the closest to her however so I cop it the most. ', 'I have applied for several jobs but the competition is fierce. ', "I have reported it to HR but HR are puppets of management and they do nothing. They would prefer that I just leave I am sure. I've been doing my job in many organisations for 30 years and have always had a good rapport with my bosses (all have been very high CEO level or senior executive). ", 'I have lost my confidence, my health is failing. Now I am suffering depression and just started antidepressants.', "I have cut most of my friends off and have just cut off my sister. She has her own issues and I just can't cope with anything else at the moment. I recently broke up with my boyfriend because I just don't want to go out or have a physical relationship. The first thing I do is drink as soon as I get home to try and numb myself from this nightmare.", 'How on earth it has got to this point I will never know.
Everything matters when we live in a morally subjective culture and a high tech one. "The walls have ears" (that saying was around even before computers; it\'s meaning is that no conversation between co-workers or a customer or \'the boss\' goes un-heard where it counts for or against you. ', 'http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/walls+have+ears%2C+the', 'So; be a sincerely helpful WORKER and know that you are \'just\' a worker. (and remember; where money is - you do not have \'friends\' in the workplace) Friendly acquaintances perhaps. This includes \'fraternizing\' after work on Friday\'s at the local watering hole. (Every word said in confidence (a gripe, a thought) will be heard and humans being humans...they will repeat it where they should not "innocently" perhaps (or perhaps not). Don\'t hang out with those you work with and if at times you have to (to be one with) LISTEN and say NOTHING about WORKING. (religious reference again: Judas handed Christ over for a bag of gold; all he thought he was doing, perhaps was repeat the words Jesus shared with him; but he shared it with wrong minds who didn\'t understand \'the person.\' ', "They can't hang you; if they have nothing to hang with. Keep talk light and business only. That goes for the male and female fraternizing.", "Also, if you work with access to a computer on desk, NEVER browse the internet or type your emails on your lunch break. It might be under your password; but the browsing history is there. If you look up political sites, if you look up conservative sites, if you read the news on msn.com ...'they' in charge know what you are reading. (and you reveal who you are... liberal, conservative, and just that you had time to do that; while not working.)", "They won't say anything; because 'they can't' (the fear for legalese). But, they will attempt to make your life MISERABLE. (It's cheaper for a business to make you quit.) If you don't quit, they will keep hounding your every waking moment til you 'break' with tears... YES; I believe now this is possibly a reason for bullying but not the only reason.", "There is the reason of human arrogance and insecurity when work is very little because computers do it so fast. There is the reason of office politics 'gone haywire' co-workers don't just 'brown nose' the bosses anymore, they get ahead by SQUASHING their competition. (making you the co worker squirm at their taunts) Yes, the world is NASTY...when money is involved.", 'Remain MYSTERY as much as possible. As each successive year passes and you put forth 100 percent LOYALTY to an employer...', "1. If you are so loyal to employer, be assured you aren't going to be liked amongst the general populus also workers like you. (well; you might be with some also like you... but most workers fretting over the bills they have; aren't going to like the 'goody goody' UNLESS you somehow 'teach them' how to also do the good and gain a sense of recognition from boss. (open honest and ethical; worker... there to HELP objectively for a common good... sounds great; but not easy... someone is going to 'hate you' if you do the good, and hate even more if you are 'winning other workers' to your way. (easiest method of most workers is to slack off and just get by...and be not a threat to any) ", '2. If you have reached a longevity with a firm... STILL you must AVOID personal conversing. Do not eat in the lunch room. Small, medium or large. It starts off with "what are you eating" and ends up "gossip session" with one probing and fishing for facts about you. STAY CLEAR.', "3. Come in 10 min early at start of day, to hang up coat, look thru what must be done on desk, and MAYBE say a Hi how are you to the one sitting around you. DO NOT do anything more than say Hi. Don't make personal calls; they are recorded (or the numbers are at least) Don't make personal emails, don't browse anything ANYTHING ... especially sites that write of 'bullying' in an office.", 'BE MYSTERY... AND NEVER GIVE OPINIONS.', 'But don\'t be a silent Cal... saying nothing. If you do encounter a bully with nasty on his or her lips. Speak up gracefully and honestly. ie: "whoa...excuse me, what did I do to deserve that?" Put it right back at them in the form of a question not a statement. What did I do to incur your wrath? This puts them on the spot as they might have been mad \'at someone else\' and used you, or had an argument at home and are using you. When you state a question "what did I do to incur that \'wrath\' in your voice...you are innocently WAKING THEM UP to the words they don\'t hear themselves saying. Never \'yell back\' say the question with a smile, and ask it anytime they are less than respectful. (maybe with different words; but ASK... hey; did I deserve that?) You are worker, you have to know your place; but you won\'t get in trouble if you ask. You will get in trouble if you speak in such way...you sound SMARTER than the \'jerk\' in front of you.', 'In asking "did I deserve that?" you are psychologically saying you know they have more \'power\' so \'explain to me a simple worker\' WITHOUT saying it as such. If you get an answer; you might be beginning to win them over, if they can\'t respond to their \'tone\' / BEWARE... for they are showing who they are. I made the mistake of asking "why that tone?" which indirectly made \'them\' feel I was pointing \'at them\' (and their guilt knew I was right) They in the power; once I worker show them to be LESS than the stellar person they want to be seen as, in their power... will NEVER be able to work with me again... management doesn\'t understand  forgiveness and going forward as worker servants do. Let THEM save face and you may be saved \'the ax\' / Let them get angry and humbly ask "did I deserve that?" or "what can I do to improve and make you happy?" "Tell me what you want me to do, from this point forward" or something of this effect.', 'Why that tone? is merely pointing at and casting judgment on their actions. (AND you, worker, lost the battle of gaining any form of relating after that) They would rather terminate you; then say "I\'m sorry" or "admit their guilt" (saying sorry to management is to admit a less than perfectness in them) They can\'t be seen as weak. It would make their command they are in charge of weak. For this reason; management authority backs one another up. Ironically, workers \'fight amongst themselves\' and don\'t help one another.', "Workers don't protect each other they fight each other; for place and position and dollars and eventually even the nasty folk ARE OUT. Management authority represents God... do as you ought in respect to THE GOD who put them in their position; and you will win approval BY THEM. (no matter what they are like)", "They know they were wrong... but you will NEVER get any person in management to say it to JUST a worker. Sometimes, rightly so, if they lose 'command' they fear others will run roughshod over them. WORKERS must know their place and know what 'knowing their place' means.", "YOU are 'the lowest' on totem pole and YOU must never, never, never POINT at any supervisor, manager, or exec or 'the policy' of a company. Be aware, 'nasties' in the workplace will attempt to make you do JUST THAT.", 'If you do; you will be OUT. ', "And; since 'the world' is liberal of mind; strip bumper sticker philosophies from the car, use the computer on desk STRICTLY for work, take your name from all social media sites (less known about you and even where you last worked THE BETTER for your cause of working THE NEW JOB). Avoid the lunch room, and don't talk high minded ideals. (save it for your home) The world does not like GOODNESS. (be honest, open to another worker, but know HOW to say it) Never come off as being 'right' to their wrong. Be humble and put them first ALWAYS; in speech and actions. WHEW... yes it can make a soul tremble.
I am 44 and have been in my workplace for about 17 years. I moved into a new department about 11 months ago, following long term absence after a major operation. The office I am in was already established, the staff  consists of civilian and public sector staff so the mix of disciplines can, and has, clashed.  They have been in the department for many years so you could say that things are entrenched.', "I first became aware there was a problem when I clashed with one of the girls. One of the older women (51 yrs) got talking to me about it and would also agree with me on some of the things I was saying. Thinking I had someone on the same wave length as me, how wrong was I. I quickly realised that she used this to her advantage. I went on holiday and then a course so I was away for about 6 weeks. When I returned back to the office they had changed things, this in itself didn't bother me, but when I previously tried to introduce the same thing, it wasn't accepted. This older woman told me  one morning not to touch the paper work as they had already sorted it and it wasn't urgent so just to leave it. I then tried to look at other work to be told the same thing.", "I have caught her listening in to my telephone conversations and also monitoring the work I am doing on the computer, I have also realised that she is sending incomplete work with my name on it. I spoke to her about this, and she apologised but I know what's she is trying to do. She is very sneaky. One morning I asked her about something and because she didn't know the answer she got all flustered and told me to 'shush'  she did this in front of other staff and made me feel so small. She talks over me and interrupts when I try and join in on the conversation, so much so I have stopped getting involved and they now don't include me in the conversation.", "One of the guys in the office told me it was national smile day one day, I know he said this as I must look miserable. And I wouldn't be at all surprised if this woman as spoke about me to him also. I am very competent in the job I do, and take great pride in doing it well or at least to the best of my ability so there isn't any issues regarding that. I tried to speak to my boss about it but I got emotional and she didn't take me seriously, in fact she told me that I maybe like my own company she did offer to move me, but a couple of months have passed and nothing. She took me in one day and told me that I wasn't being moved as I wasn't there long enough.", "Things have got so bad that I have taken a recorder in to tape the conversations. I did this because I thought I was going out my mind and being paranoid and over sensitive. Sadly I'm not. This woman has involved others in this I have a taped conversation of her talking about me (I only left the room about 1 minute and she started). She is really sneaky about it and she tries to be nice and laugh and joke with me but I don't trust her.  I know I'm not there to make pals but all I want is to go in and do my job and then go home.  I have noticed that she is very lazy and does a good job at making herself look good and busy to others.  I did pick up that she doesn't like to volunteer for things as it may make her look bad.", "She has 2 years more service than me but treats me as a junior staff member.   I am so down about all of this, I find myself most days crying in the ladies toilet. I am so anxious I have very little confidence now, this is not me... I am so stuck, I feel I am weak as I have allowed this to happen despite efforts to 'fit in'.  I don't want to allow this to take over my life but it has, I have made an appointment with my occupational health department I don't know if this is the right thing to do.  I have no one to speak to about this to guide me or even tell me that I am wrong. I feel rubbish, weak and so down.
I am Anonymous, NJ... and if anyone has been reading my articles; I try to give help based on my own personal observations of workplaces in the late 90's thru 21st Century. Those who read my articles, might also sense I am a person of faith in God. (a word not mentioned in workplaces openly these days)", "I am neither pro business nor pro employee but pro fairness. I know business management 'has smarts' or they wouldn't be in management positions. (be it small, medium, or large corporation) One difficulty with small and mid size managers; they only manage 'work flow' as they above them direct them to. These are not managers of people. Most average firms are not going to spend the dollars to 'manage people' and get cooperation amidst all bodies. Upper execs of a firm are primarily concerned with 'control of' rather than cooperative (in my opinion).", "So... assume this going in. Business owners today want only a sense of 'control' over those they hire. For the eight hours you WORK FOR them; forget all personal ideologies for the most part, all personal opinions, and your likes or dislikes. Never speak of your preferences in social ideas, politics, whether you are a meat eater or vegan even. Business, unfortunately, see's the worker as just another tool or machine like their computers. A worker can never show any form of 'feeling' or 'emotion' (sounds harsh, but that is as I observe for the most part) This is how workers stay with a firm. Oh... some general feeling is permitted, smile and be happy and say good morning or good evening, shed a tear if general sad story is told directly: ie: so and so in dept A passed yesterday. But no opinions good or bad of person.", 'Be aware of this: many times a management person might say something like "you are offensive" (never stating why) Step back from self to hear \'the spirit\' in those words and respond in spirit. (their spirit is upset, your spirit is innocent yet wanting to help them) Step away from a natural tendency to defend your good name and \'see their need\' (tough one) "I am so sorry you are feeling upset with something I\'ve done to you... certainly it is not my deliberate aim to do such, can you elaborate as to what the difficulty is you have and I will certainly work at not being offensive." COMMUNICATE and don\'t fall into their trap of making you defend self or feel guilty. STAY innocent. ', 'Note also; as many times as \'they\' find \'us\' offensive; they are also quick to say "you need a thick skin." (this is stated because \'we\' the good, try to defend ourselves to these constant gripers) *it\'s funny because if \'they\' had a thicker skin \'they\' would overlook petty things that they find offensive. They can\'t overlook, because in today\'s work environment we are dealing with adolescent \'spoiled\' souls who are unhappy with themselves and unhappy with everyone around them. They don\'t know God. (that is a given)', "It's 'a cross' we must bear and offer up... for (name an intention to ourselves) and this one's way is easier to bear. (if it's unbearable and unreasonable and they might someday falsely accuse so as to ruin your hard earned reputation; there is no option but to leave the firm, job in hand or not)", 'When more do such... FAIRNESS in work will come back.
Here's a link to what bothers your employer:", 'TIP 1 : do not use the employers computer for personal emailing (in old days it was using his phone for personal phone calls)', "TIP 2 : Do not tweet, don't Facebook, DO take your name off of LinkedIN when working, do not blog, do not in anyway 'talk' about your company on line (as management or worker) It is like gossiping in writing (worse yet) and traceable and 'they will get you' (there is no freedom of speech in a private enterprise). In fact, 'freedom of speech' means RESPECTFUL speech. And if worker shows disrespect in the lunchroom or online; employer will find a reason to get rid of. (and with the laws as they are sometimes; they TRY to FORCE you to do wrong by them that is clearly called in legal circles insubordinate. (companies are extremely sensitive to they who in anyway could ruin a hard earned reputation; and if a worker even hints of such; a worker will get that back at them. (I am impartial here, I know workers don't always deserve what they get but at times...they did instigate naively or not) In fact, it is 'the real nasties' that make even the 'innocent' who say one thing wrong...a target for terminating. There's too many in line for worker jobs that businesses have to ignore it. Workers use to be king and queen when free enterprise was abundant; but no more...workers are under the domination of the business.", "Don't be a dunce...stay clear of the internet, don't put 'social hot topics' on the car (especially if the topics are conservative in a non conservative world) don't talk of your personal opinions and if to do that it means eating 'out' on lunch time...so be it. Do not even blog. STAY A PRIVATE PERSON.", "AVOID as much as possible humans at work. (hello, goodbye, and Happy Holiday 'maybe') Don't get friendly til on the job 10 years at least. (NOT joking)", 'Workplaces are not social places. They are not bars, hangouts, or \'friendly\' / a place where $$ are to be made are not friendly. JUST go in to work. (all the fraternizing will soon be over as in America the new norm is \'work from home\' OR work part time, 20 hours. There won\'t be time for \'talk.\' BE IN THE KNOW of the wiles of the tongue and don\'t be afraid to speak back to \'a mere co worker\' with grace. Say it as: "I find that attitude less than professional; ...do not take my silence for approval but silent to your thoughts and opinions I will be." I am in need of this job and I like this firm and I\'m NOT agreeing to your comments, ideas, or thoughts. The walls have ears and NOTHING will happen to you for saying this. If they called you in, then you can go into details of what brought it to be. (but they have to initiate the meeting NOT you) NEVER go to \'passive\' management on your own believing you are helping them. (they don\'t want help) They know what is... they allow bullies because of fear of legalities. HELP your employer; just go in do as told and go home. That is all that is required. ', "The world of working is comprised of 'mean spirited' workers. (and I believe; the majority of bullies are women; which I hate to admit because I am a woman) Women are more insecure. Especially those who are divorced, separated or single moms. (with good reason) Bullied at 'home' ...they bring it to the office.", 'TOUGH world.
I started working for a company in April of 2008. About one month later one of the managers comes to my desk to scream and I mean scream at me loud enough for all employees to hear. She was claiming that I stole an account from another employee. I apologized and said I was not told that I could not or was not supposed to put acct. in my code. I was not given adequate training. She was nasty to me ever since for 3 years!', 'Other employees seemed to be able to make up their own hours while I was denied the right to leave 15 minutes early to take my CNA training course! When I tried to leave at end of day to hurry to make it to class, employees would block the door. Of course they only did that on the nights I had class. They were constantly taking accounts I had worked and rightfully earned commissions on and give my commission money to another employee.', 'They also gave me every incoming phone call for approximately 2 hours each day while all other employees sat and did absolutely nothing. Psychological harassment was done to me throughout each day. Especially on a Friday so I would fume over it all weekend. The HR Manager had a poster on her wall giving praise to "The Morning Star" (a religious poster) which is Lucifer he is referred to as "The Morning Star." I also find it interesting that most employees would wear all black clothes every day! That is also another Satanic thing. They would also have me call high profile people like the Arch Bishop and high profile people in politics. Of course all the rude nasty people who called in were sent to me.
To avoid a possible bully situation, make sure your values and your employer's don't conflict (generally same). How to find that out? Ask questions at interview, that are more than $. What is the salary for this job? If money is the only reason for applying, you can be sure your employer has a money interest also, ie: you know you're not a high wage earner and the employer knows it, you know you need experience so does employer. They see it very clear. So, accept that you will have to take what employer pays... (say that to them in a nice way)", 'But before all that, if they tell of the job, and ask you questions of what you did previously or the school you went to, answer them with \'talk\' / tell them WHY you want to work for this firm. (be natural) "I am looking to have a future at XYZ, can you tell me what the firm has established in the way of protocol that will allow me to advance in my skillsets as the years go along?" I don\'t mind starting low in wage and position, but what encouragement does XYZ provide to its workers to grow with them? (a good firm will speak of encouraging employee to learn with partial tuition reimbursement, or if not reimbursed for tuition, to provide on the job training and encouragement to learn new skills in a class, and if you speak to employer of having learned they will allow you to do... here and there. ', 'Do they have a mentoring program so a new worker can work alongside a STELLAR employee, and learn the ropes... one secure in position, or ask: what are the prospects for my becoming more proficient in this area of endeavor. A good', 'firm should be able to speak of annual reviews of performance, merit pay - ie: pay based on work performance, a level structure based on what you produce.', "OK...THIS IS ALL A SERIOUS BUSINESS EMPLOYER THAT VALUES COMPETENCY. You want to be competent more than just to have 'a job.' ", "If the first words from the interviewers mouth is the pay is $35k and 'drool' runs down your chin, you spoke what you care most about. (and the employer will take notice) There are some ads that speak of 'the salary' / In the past, an employer NEVER mentioned what their salary for the job was til the interview. It was their business reputation that drew people to apply. The salary was the employers bargaining chip based on what employee told them and spoke to them. Know your worth and an employer will provide more than 'a' job. ", 'Stay in control, sure that\'s a nice salary, but DON\'T JUMP. Speak and communicate that your main interest is to remain with XYZ and grow, tell them "that is a generous salary but based on what I feel I can do at this point, I would prefer a lesser salary (don\'t mention the benefits, that you know are part of wage package) I would prefer taking a wage 5 percent below that figure, knowing that I have the capability to be of help and want to establish that fact based on what I show you I can do. My reasons for working go beyond the paycheck, I want to work where my work is respected. I know I need to prove myself and I am willing to wait before excepting a wage of the magnitude you are offering. (IT MIGHT start the respect thing) If you always felt under-paid, and go in with that attitude, if a good wage is offered and you jump at it, you set up employer to wonder HOW LOYAL to the work of the firm you are and employer will act to protect his best interest. They will \'test you\' (taunt, provoke, etc) Don\'t fall for the money trap. Work for less and explain WHY you are willing. BE HUMBLE. I don\'t deserve such, that\'s very generous but realistically based on my salary at zyx... I am willing to take 2 percent more than that til my credentials are established.', "You'll FLOOR any management person.", "Then go on to speak again of how at last employer you (state one or two accomplishments...but at zyx firm I didn't feel as satisfied even though the pay rate was very good) I applied at this firm so that I could utilize the skills I learned and I want to continue to refine those skills by the EXCELLENCE that this firm is noted for.) Compliment firm sincerely. ", "Management isn't BAD... but by what you speak in actions is important to you, 'they are going to react' for their best interest.", "I never understood this line told when young, don't be hungry for the job (but I was, I wanted to work and I needed experience) My problem I took whatever wage they gave without SPEAKING what attributes of me would be beneficial to them, shy I was.) In good times, they kept me, til times were not good. In bad times overall where work is nil and I'm working with many hungry wolves, where money is 'the treasure' alone...be assured when everyone is working for the same treasure BULLYING will occur.
There's a reason folks bully. It's been said over and over, bullies are insecure. ", "When I worked in '80 - '93 (pre computer days) manual hands on labor when work was abundant; everyone felt more secure. For the work at the job at hand or simply the knowing that if the job at hand didn't work, there was another company out there to go to. (as free enterprise is less free, and the pickings slimmer for a laborer; bullies will abound) That's reason one for bullies. Insecurity.", "There's also this: There's good and bad businesses. When in the 80's to early 90's; and I was hired at a business, I didn't get put right in at the same level as others. I was put at a lesser 'level' of work (file clerk rather than the main function of (for me, paste up print production, or lesser level of main function of claims processing, data entry) By starting me in a lesser level of employ within company to prove myself; COMPANY understood there would be less antagonized tenured personnel. Good business understands the human condition. (some good firms start newbies on night shift, til they prove their loyalty) ie: everyone is 'the same level' and so there's no hostile conditions.", "So; if applying for and getting hired NEW, 'think like a good business person' ... ask what procedures are in place to grow with firm. If place smacked in with others there as long; ask if you can be placed at a lesser level (with less pay) so that you learn from the bottom up. By putting yourself in lesser position, you are not going nose to nose with the insecure types. They might leave you alone as you are allowed to 'just work' / then, let your work be 1. doing the job to near perfection. (STAY CLEAR of the lunch table and avoid talk...take a walk at lunch) 2. be helpful to everyone in the dept. you serve. Say nothing. Be impartial. If a go for; getting this and that for others, do so. be human...laugh with everyone 'as appropriate and just listen to them without opinions shared; they will come to TRUST you. 3. eventually, you might be given the grace to move into the main function of others there and by now 'you are not a stanger to mistrust, but 'one of them' ACCEPTED.", "Never be placed 'right up there' with others in same position, it brings the insecurity and you don't advance. If new...the 'cross' of being new is you have to 'earn your stripes and wings' / no matter your age, you have to START OVER. No matter what you know. As long as you are 'doing' ...you are advancing; so don't worry about it. (that's the secret of being accepted) TAKE THE LESSER positions. This too is biblical: a man was invited to a dinner and he took the table in back and was asked by the host to come to the front. (the humble get exalted) The other, sat down up front and was asked to move to back. (the exalted get humbled) ", "It's the way of human nature. Know it, like good businesses know it. Doesn't matter if you start over a thousand times...you are advancing. And that's the way it is.
I started working at a fast food restaurant about 4 years ago and was timid and shy and people would make fun of me. It started with just people calling me derogatory names like fag, and gay (despite me not being gay) until it got very irritating. I finally realized these people have severe problems or they are jealous for whatever reason may be. I had a male co-worker wipe snot on my shoulder while I was preparing a drink. He made it seem like he was just patting me on the shoulder, but I seen otherwise in the glass on the machine.', "I've been physically struck 3 times by 3 separate women, yet my store manager did nothing and now two of those people work there. One is a cashier and the other is a manager.", 'They always talk about me to one another and even to customers calling me "bitch," "fag," "creep" and by far the worse calling me a pedophile to customers and one another. They all partake in calling me these names, although occasionally they will tell each other to stop when they feel bad, but coerce to treating me like dirt again.', "I want to file a lawsuit but I really don't have much evidence unless I can get a customer to admit fellow workers have called me a pedophile. I don't know what these people's problems are but they treat me ill and so do the customers whom they spread these lies, slander and rumors to, as well.", "I work hard, don't steal food like fellow employees, don't use my cell phone while working, don't gossip with co-workers doing nothing constructive while on the clock and try to be respective of people, but my respect has gone thin as of lately.", "I am finally quitting this piece of shit job, but I feel like they have won. I'll probably try to contact corporate and make a formal complaint, although I should try 100% to sue them.
I have been mobbed at work, I manage a department. I took a leave of four weeks, upon my return, I have a a formal letter of invite to attend HR.  My staff along with my deputies went up high accusing me of anomalies, inconsistencies with my decisions, unfairness with duty rota. Upon my return from leave, not one of my deputies spoke to me of their accusation. Any advice?
I have long thought that my story of being harassed, singled out, labeled and overly scrutinized was a unique one in that it has happened on almost every job I've been on in the last ten years.  Since my re-entry into the US workforce in October of 2003 I have literally chased from office to office.", 'Regardless of how congenial and professional I attempt to be in the onset, within days of my probationary period I have for some reason garnered a reputation of being someone of questionable character.  Crazy, pickpocket, thief, terrorist... I once was addressed as a "serial killer" while employed at AT&T in Atlanta, GA by a maintenance worker whom I had seen only once before. The paradox is, I have in the past had no trouble impressing interviewers and being recruited to some very reputable F500 companies.  Yet whenever I am exposed to the masses of the office staff, the promise of finally happening into a job where I can peacefully thrive degenerates into a hostile environment.  And I\'m sure with every job assignment I find myself, the effects of days of humiliation are weighing on my shoulders and surely affecting my performances.', 'The most insidious aspect of this to me, is how I am made to feel as if I\'m being "paranoid" if I attempt to reasonably point out the obviously pointed bullying to an oft times complicit management.  It\'s as if I\'m being challenged or they\'re saying "we know you know what we\'re doing, so prove it."  In these days of a struggling economy and double digit unemployment rates, I don\'t have the luxury of walking out and finding employment elsewhere. I\'m in a kind of prison and the walls are closing in more and more every day.
I write comment to the counselor who spoke of what he's experienced. He wrote of one observation:", '9. Bullies run in packs and that makes most of the situations that I see mobbing. The "bully" almost always has support from colleagues, subordinates and especially organizational leadership. Current "anti-bullying" measures have been learned, integrated and turned against the targets.', "I too, finally realized this most important piece of information about the business world. (so obvious it is, but if we don't think like 'them' we don't expect what is happening)", 'A \'bully\' is a worker. Salaried or hourly; they work \'for\' the company and they need their job. So, of course they aren\'t going to do \'nasty stuff\' or \'say nasty stuff\' if they don\'t have \'the okey dokey\' from \'their boss.\' Bullies are not stupid, they know the walls have eyes and ears. So obvious. We know a bully is a coward; yet \'we think\' they act as they do by themselves. NEVER. They work \'for the company\' and will do what \'the company\' tells them to do. (right or wrong) So; another reason why one does not seek \'help\' from a member of exec management. They already know and they hope you run to them; it says "can\'t handle people" (which is', "of course not true, it's all about intimidating co workers but THEY KNOW IT...so keep the lips TIGHT. (laugh at it, silently, that they think we the worker is 'so dumb' to their ways.)", 'Companies no longer need a lot of help. But, at times it benefits them to get things "tidy" / maybe the economy is bustling and they need extra hands to churn things out. This doesn\'t mean they will keep the new hire. I firmly believe they \'test\' the character of their new employee to see what they do, say, or how they act. In the old days, good character was a given on all sides. Management set the example, of course. I do not think that\'s how management thinks anymore. They will have someone poke, mock, rattle the chains to get mad, ostracize, leave out of information pertinent to the job; to see if this one passes \'muster\' (somewhat like boot camp in the army) But the testing never ends...they are never satisfied; they keep it up. It matters not if the victim is terminated; he or she sweats, puts out lots of work, and then when this worker yells Uncle...they throw up the yellow \'penalty\' flag and that good worker is OUT of the game. Then they hire another victim and the cycle continues. (if they can, they try to make it such they don\'t have to pay unemployment insurance: ie: they hope the victim quits or they can trump up some charge so they don\'t have to pay.', "Without a doubt, when another worker 'like the bullied worker' is arrogant, nasty, demeaning...BEWARE because he acts not on his own. He knows better than to act on his own.", "When taking a job make sure you are filling a bonafide need and not just 'replacing' another. That the NEED is there for this added position.", 'Such a sad world.
I took a job 9 months ago thinking that it was going to be secure since most of the staff had been there 19 years. I was replacing someone who had worked there 18 years.  After a few months I noticed that the Dr. was a bully! He does not use foul language but he degrades you and belittles you and gets in your face and after seeing these women enable his behavior for all these years I have had enough. I walked out yesterday!', 'I found out that I was one of many in the position I had filled. He has ran off patients and other employees. The EEOC says bullying is really not something you can file on unless he made racial, sexual remarks. I NEED ADVISE! I have plenty of evidence to prove my case. In fact after I walked out and told him that I could no longer work under hostile environment the office manager of 19 years quit too.', "HELP... am I eligible for unemployment? I need direction as to what to do.  It's time this bully pay for his actions. I want to pave the way for the ones who are not strong enough to stand up to him.
Face it folks. If you are a worker for another; that boss or company holds all the cards. Even if you are the most talented genius and bring them in millions; it is you who work for them. ', "If ever you find a 'boss,' 'manager,' 'supervisor' who is reasonable but firm yet objectively fair to one and all, realize God has given you a great grace for your steadfast spirit of kindness in the face of bosses, managers, and supervisors who were not as objectively fair. ", "When a worker one has two options: 'take it' or 'leave' there's too little work and too many just like you will to 'take it.' (in the old days, when businesses were booming - workers were 'king and queen' of the hill) Many used the employer, learned from them and then went to the next employer with the skills and knowledge for more dollars. (face it, employers have feelings also, many were nice as best they could and 'the dollar' dominated the worker mind) So; if that's the mindset; employers went with the dollar mindset. (loyalty does not exist)", 'Just realize business is business. For employer and employee. No feelings for the face. Too little work, too many willing to work for less, too many who can do what you do. (point and click on a computer) ', "Value every experience for what you can learn from it, and then take the experience and leave, making it your decision. (don't cling to anything) Just keep moving.", "If you need to work 25 jobs in 30 years; but keep moving up each time...so do it. (I realize it's hard when a family has to be cared for) But; that's the gist. Everyone has a family and they all want the same earthly treasure. Think what is above and not below. Where your heart is that is what you will treasure.
I write once more in the hope it brings those affected (as I once was) to see their goodness and not fall prey to those who (deliberately or unconsciously) attempt to bring others down, to feel good themselves. In psychological terminology it is called transference; putting what ails one to another in the hope of feeling better themselves. ', "That's the secular view of rising. But there is the look at things above view. The 'little devil' always tries to imitate THE GOD but of course; it's not the same. It might sound same but there is a difference in how we live. (secular or spiritual) and 'the motives' of our doing. We are flesh and spirit and the fleshly human ideas must be given up; for His SPIRIT to dwell fully. We rise in the Spirit of the one who rose. 'Our lives' are hidden in this Spirit; as we live 'from the spirit' / rise above the bully by our actions towards them. It will truly throw them off completely when we do opposite of what they have come to expect of humanity. We will be acknowledging God without saying a word. ", 'We have ONE who was so good, he took on \'all the bad stuff\' (sin; not mentioned these days) to himself. And that\'s what "the world" doesn\'t know. They can lay all the bad feelings in them to Him; and for such faith in Him, He will provide His life of strength, of compassion, of patience, of whatever they lack. Give Him your temper and He will provide patience. Luke Chap. 9 verse 23 - 24. To gain our life we must lose our life. That\'s not our physical life but \'the spirit of human fleshly life\' - what we deem important. What is of utmost importance is \'our soul\' (the reason for the journey) Do not fall into the world\'s misery. ', "SEE ALL THE GOOD God gave you every day, know He's with you (unless you find he's not; and then ask Him back with a quick prayer of sorrow for... and vow not to do again, with his help) Feel that forgiveness and humbly live it out there; so our persecutors and intimidators also might come to know God.", 'Only good will follow me all the days of my life - Psalm 23. This isn\'t a denial \'bad exists\' (the devil exists) but only that He keeps me from falling \'for it\' If they don\'t accept you in one town; go to the next, or next job whatever. Don\'t get pulled in. Don\'t try to change them. (God can\'t change folks acting on their free will so don\'t think you can) Act in faith of God, and if need be keep moving til you find a good place to work. (don\'t worry what others say about so many jobs) If you need to stay a bit to gain work experience; \'offer up\' the time redemptively. Do good to others whether reciprocated or not; and show \'em God! ALWAYS. You will be blessed and receive grace "grace it is to do good while accused or suffering unjustly" 1st Peter. (or stay as clear from \'the bad one\' if possible.', "Lead me away from temptation Lord. The temptation to answer back or argue - because it will be you who gets the boot. (it's the way of the world's sight) Don't take the 'bait.' And never never never speak to authority management about anything but 'the work you have to do' / this was the biggest obstacle I had to learn. And yes; granted - as workers we shouldn't have to actually do this enduring if our management authority world set forth expectations of go(o)d behavior to all. (as it used to be) The legal laws of working; has their hands tied; even if they do understand your dilemma. Thank liberal philosophy, everyone do their thing; what makes one feel good for themselves. No wrong. (it's the devil trying to make his way 'sound like' God's way. Be discerning.) That devil says 'if nothing is wrong' we are free from sins / nope. Truth sets one free. Free 'in the dependency of God who guides us in our actions toward others.' ", "See God's love for you, see good that surrounds you, don't take the words of others personally; you know there is not truth to their anger. Figuratively put up a mirror in front of you and realize 'they are yelling at themselves' (not you) Angry because..........? See beyond the person to 'the sin' causing the problem in this one who; except for the grace of God; go you. Pray for them daily.", "Hate that sin but love that sinner. Bring this one to see their good while praying for them that God reveal their 'fault' (only He can) ", "God is GOOD and we don't have to 'live with' or 'work with' those who are truly nasty. Just leave; with new job or without. Stay as clear of debt as one can. and stay HUMBLE. (don't talk too much of the way just live it) ", "(and yes, sometimes, give folks a break, sometimes it's a one day bad moment, be merciful and give benefit of doubt)", 'Do to others as we want it done to us. Live mercy, forgiveness.', 'SOUND GOOD?
I work in a retail store, recently a new manger, approached me, during hours, in a public customer place, and said "he (name not included) said you said I was following him around like a puppy dog, and not doing my job, and that I had made other comments. My reply was real mature here, I have other stuff to do and I walked away. (He said she said). I told her I did. I wasn\'t on the clock when I said it to the guy (whom, in return did repeat it, because he was mad that she hung up on him in their personal time, all of us tease the guy, including the other guys, about this manager.', "When I made the statement, I was on lunch, and off the clock and not in the store, it had been a busy day, and I needed help and she said she couldn't help, because she was helping, him stock a product that honestly doesn't require two people. I waited till work was over, and me and this younger manger, where on the black top, in the parking lot, and I told her she was immature, and to @#$&*^ off, that I didn't have to be her friend when I was off the clock, and to go home and cry to her mommy, princess, but that I did respect her in the building. However; it is hard not to laugh because she is constantly whining that she doesn't know what she is suppose to do, and that everyone hates her, and that people are talking about her.", "Mean time, I told the male co-worker to leave me alone, and that he was a very good friend to repeat that sarcastically, already knowing that she doesn't like. I haven't talked about her to anyone, I actually nominated her for a gold star pin, a week prior to this, because she is trying so hard. She filed a report that I was harassing her, when I actually have told people to not involve me in their gossip, and I didn't want to hear. Meantime, everyone in the store thinks I threatened her, in the parking lot, and she is lying. She actually said to my face we are like family its a hate love situation. She is lying. I had told the manager when I learned of her promotion, she had issues with me.", 'Our managers play favorites. A month before this occurred, I got a position in which she applied for as well, I am qualified for it, and am trying to clean up issues from not having this position empty. She ran around the store yesterday, telling everyone lies and that I threatened her. Under no circumstances would I do that, and I am not a butt kisser, and never have been. I hear the managers playing favorites all time. Every week it is someone different, in my statement (she went to upper management and lied) Her negative energy is effecting my work ethics and job. I would never tell anyone off in a store (children are around for starters, not to mention I NEED my JOB).', "I can deal with her immaturity because its apparent I have can be immature as well, however; she is the GMs princess right now. Tattle tail, and the people talking about her, really shouldn't be. Yet, the only person, I have said anything to, is a assistant manager trying to figure out why dislikes me, prior to this. She ran around telling everyone yesterday, that I am the trouble maker, I have worked for this company over a year, and have people set up to be fired. I need the job, not the drama. Thing is we were walking to our cars, when I said what I said and in the parking lot. I also refused to talk about the parking lot without a District Manager or lawyer present, a third party, without favorites. The lawyer was to prove the parking lot was not owned by the company, I wasn't in uniform either...", "But I am not bullying her, talking about her, other than to one person, the HE who repeated what I said. I had a line, and she constantly says, I can't help I am on my way out, I was suppose to be off today. We both have bi-polar, and she is constantly using it as a excuse. Yet, she has never mentioned her therapist, or medication management. Both are important to mental health. Only she forgot to get a new prescription. The same person was home schooled, because she has social anxiety problems. Why is she telling me all of this. I can't stand her, and I set my expectations high, in a work place, because I had a mental breakdown, and lost my H.R. position with a another company. Who is the bully?
Yes; bullying is bad. Another reason it might be occuring is because of too many hours in day and not enough work for all in those hours. The one's who 'worry' over having enough; bully us 'good folk' hired to also do. (and yes; it is possible that a business hires when the good times are for the tax deduction an employee is) They put more folk on the floor than there is work; and bring anxiety to those there many years. (it also means less overtime)", "So; is it possible that this is why 'the old tenured  employees look unfavorably on the happy new comer?' I never thought about it, but it's possible. When the slowing of economy comes, the tenured know someone is going out. (and does it worry them that they make the larger salary and the new one less? probably) So; perhaps they leave the new out of info, try to trip us up, antagonize and aggravate in the hope we point and complain. ", "Now; we know here in America; the economic conditions are bad (reasons I won't get into) But, the new normal is now part time labor at 20 hours a week. It means that working 4 hour days 5 days a week; there will not be enough time for a bully to get revved up. Just enough hours to get done by both what has to be done and OUT THE DOOR and safe. (til tomorrow) Also contract labor is in. With contract; one must be kept. (security) And we know if the employer puts us on contract; they do want us. Know more at will employment. ", "It's not good to have only 20 hours but then again, maybe it's not so bad. See the positives.
It's real; bullying is real. We are good and we don't mind constructive criticism, and we give benefit of doubt at first that 'the criticism' of something of our work is meant to be constructive. But then it goes further and further down the slippery slope and we know we have a bully on our hands.", "The, hopefully not last job, was 'the worst of the worst' of bullying; yet the good news was I recognized it; at the start. In this case, I was hired as clerical assistant in HR (HR can you imagine) assisting the administration of a business clerically. Small HR; me clerical assist, manager, and ben. admin. / I was there a few weeks learning 'the to do's' when the ben. administrator there many years got put to another dept. to fill a vacancy.  They hire another ben. admin., and the one who hired (Mgr) went on vacation. The one who gives the direction to both me and ben. admin. went on a vacation? (is that odd?) Were they testing me? (your opinion Anton) ", "Anyway, I was tuned in from the start and kept the head low. I saw it; this new one sounded just like so many others in the past. (de ja vu) I was helpful to this new one, asked if she wanted me to bring her back lunch when I went out; she was staying in. (sometimes she said yes) She asked me questions I couldn't answer and spoke a simple go to see so and so in other dept. who had this job. (I suppose the more professional approach would be to say, Oh, I can't help you but please follow me; I have your answer; and lead her and introduce her to ... would that have been the way? or should I have spoken to the one in other dept. discreetly and asked her to come to HR and see how so and so is doing; letting this one have the glory of showing care, Or as only clerical assist at the time, was I to just state where she should go to talk; putting trust in her good admin. judgment. I did the latter. Any way; I was very 'in tune' for a year and she was not getting me. (my experience was showing) I think she was frustrated.", "About 1 1/2 years into things; the manager got involved as the 'bully' sat angelic in her office. Manager ranted in my face and I said not a whimper. (and this is pattern also) All bullies are the same. Notice the pattern and it will help greatly. Experience is a great teacher -- GOOD NEWS! I was getting stronger!!", 'Sometimes things got better; but if manager was out of office; bully ...bullied. False exasperation; slapping facial cheeks, toe taps, crossed arms and finger waves in the face. I was doing well; remaining controlled and keeping things organized as a clerical assistant should. She would come out and sharpen 7 pencils slowly behind my back, she would come and look in cabinets in my desk area and slam them up and down. bam wham slam. (never asking me for help) ignore ignore ignore. (I was winning; yes I was) I also learned; NEVER defend myself to the bully. Whatever she says; listen and ignore. (oh after a year, the manager advises me that I\'m not a clerical asst but an admin. asst. (there was an error at hire she said) I missed the opportunity to say "please put that in my file." (I guess I didn\'t want to rock the boat) An admin. asst is allowed to be more forward then a clerical asst, take charge a bit to help our administrators) ', "What else did I do? I vowed 'no secrets' from the start. I would keep my manager informed and if something was MY error state it. I wanted manager to know what occurred while she was out; with regards myself and my new colleague; because I knew if I didn't speak it she was surely going to. So I aimed to make sure she knew it 'from me' and not just the colleague. What she decided", 'was for her to decide; I wasn\'t going to stay silent. I did this quietly with e-mail. Some say email was a wrong thing, that it made them nervous to have it in writing. I think it saved me. (there it was, I never kept anything from the manager, thus \'cut the bully off at pass\' / sometimes I wrote: please let me know how I can improve. (no rebukes to any of my emails) Again: If an occurrence of some communicating happened while boss was out, and I said nothing; I surely knew the boss was going to hear of it from this other one. If I had not also told of it, I think I would have been rebuked. Smart or not? (and it was valid; we were both new) I never criticized directly my equally new colleague; tried writing objectively of occurrences. Never said; so and so did ... (was that good of me?) I did this because in the past, I get brought to table then speak of what is occurring for so long; they say "and why didn\'t you come to us" (they say that) I thought I was showing trust in management to handle and keeping them informed, no secrets. That, \'at the end\'; they could not claim ignorance I didn\'t share or say I didn\'t want to work (insubordinate) Is e-mailing a valid communication tool to communicate quietly? Perhaps I should have e-mailed my bully; and explained what I know and describe the occurrence to her and a solution for us both so it does not happen again. (she wouldn\'t bring it to our boss because then... she would be the complainer; ahhh would that have been better?)', "Anyway; after this the 3rd time...I was SHARP. But it always hurts not to be believed and for a bully to get away with it. It's not the world I grew up in.
A few tips I discovered through trial and error as to how to handle being new in a new work environment.', " My most recent job set my desk up so I had my face to the corner. (I thought nothing of it at first, until the 'other pieces of the department ways started coming together.' They wanted me, from the beginning to be submissive. Put me in the corner like a 'wittle' child. (but don't speak it as such, they don't see their ways) Just state the benefit to the department if those entering department are greeted warmly and I can announce them to whomever they are there to see; which is part of my job)  ", " A crowd of others is important. As in Jesus' day (the good book teaches us much on human nature) his persecutors never verbally attacked if there was a crowd of others. * more on this if you are in a threesome dept.", " No bumper stickers that read: I love Jesus or I'm pro-life, of the family that prays together stays together. This isn't denying your ideology; it's keeping your private life and thoughts private. They will know us by our actions. And don't play religious tunes in an office or hum Kum ba ya or make an altar of your desk with holy pictures. This is a business. Don't antagonize others of different belief. (COMMON SENSE; don't follow the world who does this) Don't put your family photos on desk either; the vacation in Hawaii, or the spouse who looks so great physically. Kid head shots ok. (nothing to show you have a great life) Human nature is prone to jealousy. ", " The boss will start out explaining the job itself in a normal way. How we respond to this training time is very important. Always ask appropriate questions, take initiative and speak of experiences; without suggesting better ways. ie: oh; you wish me to keep the personnel files in order according to date (recent to earliest) I certainly will; but I recall when working in.........; documents of importance were listed and put on the inside cover of a folder. List was in columns: document, date of document and then a series of blank columns heading across top file removed; the procedure was any who took from file had to initial and put date. That's all. If the document still was out; we knew where to start the search. (this also prevents you (boss) from being blamed if something is not there. It sets up accountability - BUT don't say it as such; just give an observation and let them have the idea to do it) We should keep our lips tight on some matters but show we know where it matters. Do it with a soft voice and never criticize - always be helpful not dominant. ", " Make sure everyone 'in the chain of command' is aware of what is happening in your department and why. (signed by the head of department) The head of department hiring you; hired so you make her or him look competent. So don't be shy. They won't always tell you how they want it or have such procedures in place. Draw upon past experience (and hurts) and use beat their deficiencies to the punch. Head 'em off at the pass; or really: make them look good. Always make them look good. (don't assume they should tell you how it is to be done if assisting the administration) If just a worker doing a task; confirm at interview how directions are given; verbally or by memo. If every important procedure is done verbally; do not take the job. Verbal means nothing and good management knows this. ", ' even if it is causing you not to be able to do your job. The bully hopes you run to the boss. However, if your brother or sister is doing a wrong to you, go to brother or sister in private and tell him or her; nicely and give reason. (don\'t make assumptions they know the right way to act; assume they don\'t and teach with a gentle spirit) Make it light, use words that sound like \'I\'m saying this so you don\'t get in trouble.\' If they rant in your face; tell a story to drive the point of why it\'s bad to do. "I remember a workplace where a colleague screamed at a subordinate one day; the subordinate handled it just fine; but on the way home from work a car ran a red light; and this subordinate was killed. I can\'t tell you the sadness on that screamer\'s face when he heard the news and realized; he never got to share his real feelings with this one. Never got to say sorry. It haunted his mind for months; and his job performance plummeted so that he had to be let go. Anger is never the way to communicate. I tell you this, because I would hate for you to come to such. I am for you, if you are in need of something, if you want help, if you don\'t know exactly what type of help; bring me in to your office or cubicle or type me an email; I will help you and keep that help confidential. I want you to look good.', 'Never criticize or yell back. (be mature) Think of others needs first, even those who are ignorant of this process. Always allow your bully to save face. Their anger is at themselves, they are scared, and they need gentle handling.
I've been reading the stories; and it is sad how people who call themselves adults could be so nasty and 'high school' teenager to their co workers or those they are supposedly in charge of. ", "But; the reality is, that IS what this is about. There are some folks out there who stopped growing (in spirit) when they were in high school. They learned the ABC's, and the algebra, and the academics of life; but they never matured! ", "Maturity is a spiritual understanding of life on this earth where one knows and understands that we are all in need of God. God who is love. Yes, to see the big picture. Life is short and 'the fleshly body' does not last forever.  ", "Basically, bullies are still living for cars, a few bucks in the pocket, fashions, and 'cool.' They live to be part of 'the crowd of cool others.' They need a crowd, to bolster their fragile esteem. Bullies are insecure persons who do not know how to find the happiness and peace they see in their target.", "In the school years, ignoring usually worked. Real teens did get tired of bullying if the reaction didn't come. But in the 'adult' world they now dwell in (but not too well) MONEY is important to the bullies status. They are insecure and they will NOT let up til 'they have their world' all to themselves and those like them. We of spirit cannot fight them back (it goes against the one we honor and bullies know this down deep; that's why they target us) They couldn't go head to head with real dialogue or communication. ", 'At first start of a job; it might work to put selves out first in the talk; whether just a worker or one in authority. Start with one person; who looks \'cool\' and the \'leader.\' Ask a question (an easy one) so they look important, reassure their fragile esteem in some way. Notice the family photos on desk and state what BEAUTIFUL children; are they yours? (don\'t guess; they can use anything dumb against you) If they are their children; state "I thought so, this girl/boy he / she looks just like you." What grade is he /she in? Use this to state that you have children, they are a handful to handle sometimes (ahhh this allows for bully to not be afraid that they can\'t handle if they see the one they are secretly fearing has problem. Ask your co worker another easy question: how did you handle your son/daughter\'s (something easy) You are establishing a bond, showing this one respect for something GOOD in them. Don\'t be shy or afraid. (show you are just like them)
I thank you for this opportunity to share a bit about some rough experiences I had in three separate working environments. ', "Up 'til 1993; work was...'work' / I came, I did, I went home to come again and do again. A nice daily routine. It took a while...but I have discovered 'the reason' bullying happens and that's what I want to share. I hope you will allow me to speak of 'the spirit' of life. Yes, God.", "Why it is that even if we are being a good worker in the job hired for -- things don't go smooth? Why are there difficult people? It's not management per se and it's not 'the co worker person' (before I say 'the word' that is responsible; let me give the spirit 'cure' found in that good book; the Bible.) The answer is: ", 'Set your mind on the things that are above, not on the things that are upon the earth.*found in Matthew I believe. ', 'We were warned by God, in flesh (for you who understand) "in this world you will have trials and tribulations; fear not I have overcome the world." "if they hated me, He said, they will hate you." "If we belonged to the world the world would love us; but we do not belong to the world." ', "There's two views to living: earthly view or looking up at what is above. Where one's heart is, that is what we treasure. 'THE WORLD' wants the power, prestige and $$ and praise of mankind (short term gains really) Those looking to what is above where they are at present is looking towards...heaven. (on earth and eternal life) For the long view; we can endure anything if need be and even make this cross we endure; a good. Accept the cross of a 'broken' 'sin filled' world and use the time spent with some who live contrary to the golden rule to our benefit. Show them our love; which they need. By love, I mean our patience, our endurance of them, teach them a better way as needed. Show them the God way to attain. Put on /GOD; Christ (I hope this stays up; even if religious)", "As long as we do not point at 'imperfection', a company will keep us. The world hates correction. Folks who are God knowing (humble) accept correction. We show our spirit 'in action.' He who came not to condemn but save by love (showing them concern; guiding them)", 'Offer up suffering and struggles with difficult people for the Strength of God, in flesh and greater faith in good. Offer up the struggles we go thru to God (silently) for a specific intention. Make the work day redemptive for our souls. Carry our cross with great faith and not a whimper. ', "Remember, the earthly view works for the short term gain of a paycheck. For this; THEY ARE THE WORLD; they are insecure. They get nervous when 'new' comes in with them. The look at what is above crowd has an eye toward heaven. Goals for the long term. If we take a job because we need to gain experience; realize we are being placed right within THE WORLD (trials and tribulations shall come; especially when a firm sets no standards for all and there is little procedural ways 'written in stone' and the work is sparse to do. Computers, automation and outsourcing)", "Realize we will come up against those who will hate us 'out of fear' of losing all that they have /in some way; it may be necessary to assure them their value (build them up) I am shy; and get tongue tied and yes, I do value experience but also get intimidated by experience; and simply have looked for 'they' to make the first good word move towards me. It is permissible when new to say to someone who is colleague with a title that we took the job in the hope we would learn much about ... whatever; this might reassure the insecure one that their job is safe; tell them of our intent. SPEAK first, don't be shy and intimidated. Bullies 'can pick up that fear scent fast.' ", "Another -- look at what is above way of avoiding a bully atmosphere is to 'not' take work of a general work nature.", "Choose a vocational trade that is unique with your abilities that not many can do. Auto mechanic, hairdresser, Xray technician, Pharmacy technician, illustrator, etc. The security is in the gift one has and  can do. An auto care place; seldom wants to terminate someone who knows fixing cars and gets to know the customers (who look specifically for this person) Same with a dental technician; the customers like consistency and so 'once hired' HIRED. (one job function; one person) If working within a general office doing general office work, 'at the first slowdown of economics' 'the bottom line' of business will be ousting' / In times such as we have today, Where general work is very little; the insecure 'world' will do anything to 'get rid of all competition to them.'", "This is what I learned about 'the world' and 'why we have bullying.' ", 'Folks lack faith in the God who will take care of them always and so with that and less understanding of morals; do to others as we wish it done to self - is simply NOT THERE.
My husband worked in a small town grocery store managed and built the meat department to a huge success in less than two years. Became best of friends with the owner. Spent lots of time with his boss and really considered him a friend. My husband made his boss's grocery store a $40,000.00 a week grocery store to a $120,000.00 grocery store. His boss was able to vacation, take time off, enjoy life, build a $650,000 dollar home, have a lake home, have every man's dream for having every toy a man could want. (motorcycle, sports cars, jet ski's, boats,) He had it all. His boss could always go away and know that my husband would manage his store and he never had to worry.", "Well when I came into my husband's life he chose not to keep up this job and was thinking about giving it up. My husband had some issues with one of the employees in the meat department and wanted the owner to get rid of her years ago... she was nothing but trouble. The owner said I can not get rid of her she's old money (not sure what that meant) but anyway he never got rid of her. One day my husband and her got into it and he decided to go over to his boss's house and let him know the situation. His boss (friend) took the other employee's side. My husband got very upset and said fine I quit!!!", 'WOW how this continues will blow you away. I have written a book about all that had happened but we sent it to our publisher and my husband was diagnosed with liver cancer so we had no money to have this published. All I can say is our publisher is just waiting for the funds to come their way because they said this would be a best seller.', 'My husband has recently passed away and his dying wish was to do whatever it took to get this book published.', 'The really sad part of this story is about three weeks before my husband passed I asked him... fighting this 3 1/2 year tough battle with cancer or fighting your ex-employer/ so called friend for seven years... Which was harder... and with tear filled eyes he said the battle with his ex-employer/so called friend.', 'How this saddens me and not only did my husband go through these horrible battles… I did to.', 'My question to you is, Would you like to hear the rest of the story and is there anyone out there that can help me financially get this published? With all of my husbands hospital bills, and everything else we had to battle there was very little money left for me so if you know of anyone who could help PLEASE e-mail me.', 'Have a Blessed day and hoping you can help a widow in need.
Verbally attacked by colleague while other colleagues were present. Spoke with Admin. who tried to excuse the behavior. Because it happened more than a few times I found it difficult to work in that type of environment and eventually resigned and am still trying to come to terms with it all as I was a dedicated, genuine caring teacher who loved teaching and related well to parents.
When having to deal with a bully at work, I find myself obsessing about their intentions and actions. I have become more sensitive because of their spreading small slighting rumors and things they say to me when no one else is around.', "If put in a personality type I would be a type C: calm on the outside nervous inside. At first I would frustrate the guy because I didn't show my emotions but over time have been growing more paranoid and fearful. My boss, is trying to get him promoted and I realize he won. I hope this will actually give him enough rope to hang himself, but know the boss will sweep things under the rug if they can.", "Back to my paranoia, I've been so obsessed with worry that I'm going to be targeted again I've let go of my daily pleasures. I used to read and play the guitar, and work on art, and research. But, the worry of new threats and rumors have diverted my attention to the point I can hardly converse about the things I love. I hope to gain my life back. And with a change in positions within my corporation, hope to gain enough distance (insulation as I call it).", "I pray numerous times a day. I have moments of strength, but have let this guy rule my life. God please help me regain my loves. Please let my new position be far enough away. I would have killed myself by now had I not a partner. Still, due to my worry concerning my bully I see my love going away. So, I guess it's a matter of change if I can regain my strengths, at least enough to not think the ultimate escape is viable.
Last Thursday,  I was disturbed by my boss's response when she found out that a new employee had stopped by my desk and screamed at me.", 'This employee is new (2 months) and already has a reputation of being unable to work with others.  She frequently throws temper tantrums and can be heard down hallways yelling.  Several employees and I have tried to answer her questions and help her.  But she refuses to listen to us tell her what to do.', 'My boss sat there and and said that we had to be able to work together as a team.  That Decision Support has a reputation for not being able to work as a team.  We had a bad reputation.', 'My boss told me that she has "documented" it (on my record).', 'There are many incidents, not just with this manager, but also the previous one. I have to go, my child is calling me.
I am being bullied at work and have luckily found a new job but in my last week I have mentioned it to HR and my manager as the sooner I am out of this place the better. ', "The reason I mentioned it to HR and my manager now and not earlier is that I don't want to pursue a bullying case but I want them to know so that they are aware for anyone who takes up the role in future.", "So far I am wondering whether my manager is involved or not and if he is not willing to reduce my notice period by one day then I think he must be as it feels that managers should be understanding and one day can't really make a big difference to a company, especially when they have a new starter there.
Our new  line manager is 29. I am a 50-year-old woman. He obviously has "issues" with women my age: a female colleague and I are being bullied out of our jobs. We have been falsely accused of financial and professional misdemeanours and threatened with disciplinary procedures. Both of us have unblemished professional reputations. I am much more highly qualified than the bully and have 20 years\' more experience (including in management). We are suffering from insomnia, crying bouts and terror of losing our jobs. Other staff members are also being subjected to bullying, including the ex-line manager (who went back to teaching). We don\'t know what to do.
Lately our continuous improvements manager has been made up to a director, in this time he has placed boards throughout the plant with a list of all personnel's names on it working within each area. Whenever anyone makes a mistake or reject etc a yellow sticker is put besides the name. 3 yellows and you're in front of the manager, the boards are monitored daily and personnel are being made fun of by their work mates. It's become the topic of conversation. Is this bullying?
I am so grateful for this website as it gives me some peace in knowing I'm not the only one going through this. I am now at a second job with 2 women bullying me. My family and friends do not understand. I am very humble, but seriously am not fat or ugly and always do excellent work and am a well liked person till these bullies turn people against me and it has to be based off of lies and rumors.", 'I am a single mom of 2 boys, one now in college, and have no one to fall back on, no husband or significant other or parents. Getting bullied out of a job is devastating for me especially when I went to college and got my CPA. I am so scared it is now happening at my next job after I was forced to resign from bullying at my last job. There is a definite connection to someone from my small town to this other small town as they let me know things that happen to me in my town, etc. that they would not know unless someone here was telling them.', "So, the bullies from my last job got a hold of the bullies in my new job and I am now going to lose this job as a CPA and what am I going to do? I feel so helpless. These bullies take everything away from me and don't stop and this job will be next. Do I go from a CPA to welfare because I do a great job at work and don't do anything wrong to anyone? This is so unfair. I'm ready to give up on life all together."]
Today is the first day I realized that my bullying did not just start from this job that I've had for almost 10 years. It started in High School where I was severely bullied. I'm almost 46 years old and when I went to school nobody cared about the ones getting bullied. Anyway, I think I buried the trauma I suffered in the 80's only to have it come back now. Here I am a grown adult working in a medium size company, only to have the same feeling from High School crop up again. I don’t know what you'd call it actually. They don’t sabotage my work and I'm not verbally assaulted. I'm completely ignored. Nobody talks to me anymore. Ever since I complained seven years ago as to why my cubicle was always decorated in Black & Cobwebs for my birthday. That was it... I have been ignored ever since. Birthdays, baby showers, lunch, anything that has to do with contact. Sounds trivial compared to some of the other stories I have read. But I think that because of the torture I suffered in High School, it brings back those memories and feelings that I thought I had under control and obviously don’t. I'm just saying that if I wasn't the butt of everyone's jokes in High School, I may have turned out a better person today and I may not miss so much work because I just have to get up and leave."]
I have a coworker, who I called a friend at one point.  I took a trip to Vegas with her and another coworker, unfortunately when we got there the coworkers thought that I was going to sleep with them.  When I turned them down as soon as we got back to DC, the coworkers immediately went to work and began their reign of terror.  It began with telling all of the other coworkers that I had hooked up with a guy there in Vegas and progressed to saying I smelled bad to saying I wasn't a good mother to threats of bodily harm and then the threatening text messages to telling me to kill myself like my brother did (my brother had committed suicide the year before and I was devastated) to telling me she wished I would die like my brother to sabotaging my patients. (I work in the healthcare field.)", "I thought I was going to have a nervous breakdown, management didn't care and when I filed a grievance it was just swept under the rug. I beleive this was as a result of my refusal to sleep with them in Vegas.  Six months ago I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis, as a result of that I have had to miss work for constant ER visits and several hospitalizations, and still I have to hear these same girls saying I'm using my sickness as an excuse not to work.  I try not to let this affect me but it's very hard to do.  Im so stressed out.", "We are in the healthcare field but I've never seen a more unfeeling person in my life, she is abusive to those that she is charged with caring for as well.  She has made things miserable for me, but I can't just leave my job as I need the insurance for my MS. Even though she is almost forty she makes everything a competition, she doesn't want other coworkers to like me.  I almost feel sorry for her, I wish I could pray for her, but I hate her. She is a very unattractive women, and I don't think  she likes herself IDK, but I'm tired of being treated this way, and I'm tired of her talking about my brother and how he is in hell.  She says because my brother killed himself God doesn't forgive him and she wont forgive him either but she never knew my brother. This is so hard for me. Words do hurt...
I am so overwhelmed by the bullying at work to where I had to go the the emergency room on Saturday morning.  It got so bad that Saturday morning when I woke up to where I wish I could just go to sleep one night and never wake up again. I wish that could die of a heart attack, have a stroke, get killed in an accident, or hope somebody just shoots me in head or if I have died of cancer.', 'I am a 49 year old single mother of three children, two of them are grown and one child age 11 remains at home with me. The same people who use to speak, smile and say hello are not speaking to me anymore. They are all personally working against me and being told I make everybody uncomfortable.  I am also experience a form of work place bullying, they are not giving me a chance, I am being sabotaged, lied on, and scorned by other peers.', 'The Manager and lead avoid me all the time when I need assistance. I am being singled out to be treated differently than other people on the team.  They put me down and give me the silent treatment.  Like  when I have a conversation with my manager and team they come back and tell me there is a lot of complaints against me done anonymously, that I make people uncomfortable. That other people at work are complaining about my coughing and not covering my mouth, overlook my accomplishments and being unfairly evaluated on scores.', "It may possibly have something to do with my physical appearance. I am being treated very contemptuously by other co-workers and the managers like I am something from the streets.  They tried to set me up and spread rumors that I steal. I am always asking for cigarettes, but other people come and ask me for cigarettes and they don't get reported to their managers.  I don't ever get a kind word from the managers compared to other co-workers. I think the new bosses don't like me, that they want me out of the way, other people are trying to get me fired because they see me as an ugly woman with a mental disability.  They are always pointing their finger at me.  I actually feel discriminated against...
I am currently off sick with anxiety and depression and have been since August. I work for local government and have done for 23 yrs. Four years ago our head of department changed and systematically the new manager got rid of previous team leaders and replaced them with people they previously worked with at another council!', 'These new team leaders are not trained in our area of work and have no idea how long it can take to do one account. It can take five minutes or up to two hours.  We were slagged off in team meetings, told that we could be replaced at the click of a finger and accused of not working fast enough so we would get overtime!! This was all told in front of staff in the same department but who do a different job.', "It's got so bad that one of my co-workers, who'd been refused voluntary redundancy and had worked happily for approximately 20 years, left stating she could not stand it anymore!  Another girl who came was offered a full-time job as opposed to working a fixed contract in another department. She went back to her fixed term job stating there was no way on earth she could stand working here any longer! Our head of department is not approachable and everyone is scared of her. I used to love my job, now thanks to her management style I loathe it.
I went into a new position and was trained by a woman with whom I would job share the position. From the beginning I didn't trust her - the accusations, lying, stealing and 'set-ups', but continued to give her the benefit of the doubt and work at achieving the respect of other staff and retirement home residents. Her aggressive, angry attitude towards me continued.", 'The manager was in on it with the woman and after meeting with a union rep I started recording private notes on his advice. Yes, there was a pattern that was getting more aggressive. Planned activities with the residents were sabotaged. Projects requested by the manager were destroyed, emails permanently deleted, office equipment disabled, displays taken down and replaced by her own. The person whom I trusted to work in a cooperative manner with is a bully, coupled with a manager who is aware of the situation and takes no steps to stop it.', "I worked in this position for almost one year and am glad to say that I stopped it by leaving the job but continuing to work in another with the same organization. I am 55 years old. It's not worth fighting a bully, they will eventually get punished when an extreme physical act occurs. I believe I did the right thing by meeting with a union rep and documenting. Not only children, teenagers but adults are afflicted by this terrible behaviour as well.
I've been working for this company for four months and from the moment I walked in, I've felt hostility towards me.  No matter how hard I tried to get through to the women I work with, nothing worked.  I was polite and thoughtful.  I offered to help.  I said good morning/afternoon even after being constantly ignored.  It has gotten to the point where even the way I dress is an issue, even though the other women wear inappropriate clothing, I am the only one who is called out on it.", "I don't know what to do anymore.  It is getting really serious and I feel like quitting.  The job itself is great and the pay is excellent but I am getting tired of being picked on for no other reason than being me.  I don't try to stand out or make waves yet they still find ways to harass me or blame me for things I don't do."]
This will seem long winded but I was a computer tech for over 20 years. I got tired with the white collar world as a contractor and got a job with the city (in Alberta) as a garbage man. Life was great, no office politics or back stabbing and a great bunch of guys to work with. Unfortunately I was injured and left with a bad leg and now walk with a cane. Under accommodation I was placed in the offices.', 'At first the assumption was I had a limited intellect and skill set till someone who use to work for the oil industry recognized me and told them what I was capable of. So I was accommodated as a Data clerk then still accommodated because I also had technical writing skills the job of writing the Standard Operating Procedures for ISO 2008.', 'It was then my present manger, who just received her job as manager from being an Administrative Assistant, asked me to help in a serious backlog of data and as soon as I had caught the department data backlog up I would be given the permanent job as the department’s Technical Writer.', 'I trained four temporary staff to help with the backlog so that within 4 months the backlog was completed. My manager then asked me to apply for the data clerk temporarily so I would be able to change unions for the job as technical writer as soon as the city budget was completed and the job would be finalized.', 'As soon as I was made Data Clerk things changed drastically. Even though I’m handicapped, I was now forced to repair printers, pool vehicle maintenance (taking vehicles in for repair), petty cash, manpower, all data entry, reception, kitchen/ lunchroom/ boardroom cleanup, building maintenance issues, office mail delivery, etc. I also endured jokes from my manager and her friends over my walk and names like James walks with a limp and crooked knee even though I asked, being Métis (First Nations and white mix), if it would be possible to refrain from those comments as well as all the gender based jokes, being the only male, jokes such as men are babies when they are sick, can’t multitask etc.. The pain of intensive walking did cause me to miss a few days here and there and was reprimanded by my manager and told I was on HR’s radar. I continued hoping for the day I would return as the Technical Writer and not wanting to cause waves I kept silent.', 'Finally the job of Technical writer was up but was given to my manager’s friend because I was told she had more experience. I applied as my managers Administrative Assistant but that was given to someone with more seniority. Finally I applied for another job where I had all the qualifications, seniority and knowledge but lost this job to someone I had trained with less seniority and qualifications because of targeted selection. Strange as it may seem, in my mind I honestly thought that I lost the position because they were protecting me from further injury due to my handicap. The interview was done by my manager’s Administrative Assistant, who is also my supervisor.', 'It later came to my attention that I really lost the job because the person I trained that got the position was my supervisor’s friend and my manager and supervisor believed and gossiped that my diplomas where faked. Also one of my original diplomas was shredded and I had to purchase a new one from the college I attended.  I brought the matter to HR and my manager and was told an investigation would take place just by HR and my manager would not be involved.', 'One week later the same HR person and my supervisor pulled me in a meeting where I was reprimanded for leaving my desk too often, talking too much to customers at reception and gossiping. I tried to explain that I was forced to leave my desk to complete all the other duties that I had, that it was difficult not to talk to customers and other managers that came to me with issues etc and I don’t gossip.  I was then told my primary duty is reception. I can only leave my desk with notification even if it’s to go to the washroom. I’m to use scripts, such as I have a deadline to meet, to discourage managers from talking to me and I’m not allowed to socialize at all. Most of all HR and my supervisor told me that my position and I am unique.', 'I went to my union and was told all the other duties I had performed were under a clause as extra duties as assigned, that even though I had applied as a Data Clerk the person before me that had that position when the department was much smaller also had reception duties. The other Data Clerks were still data clerks. I still forced my union to appear to ask what was going on. Why was HR involved in reprimanding me when I asked for an investigation on my behalf, why was the same HR person involved in both issues? Instead both the union representative and I were now informed there was an investigation against me for gossiping. Two people, both my supervisors friends, one is a FOIP,  came forward unsolicited to say I was gossiping that I was not allowed to leave my desk or socialize. Both were true because I did have to inform someone when I was leaving to go to the washroom and I did forget my script and asked someone to talk to me later not at my desk.', "The union then sent me to the City’s HR Human Rights Coordinator who told me no action can be taken till the investigation on my behalf was completed, that the same HR person doing both investigation was a professional and unbiased. The comments about James walks with a limp and such I should take with a grain of salt because women can be caddy and I don’t look “Indian”. I wasn’t sure what he meant. One I’m not Indian, I’m Métis, First nations and white. I'm not a drunk laying on a park bench or walking around in buck skin and a loincloth.", 'Finally my doctor forced me to take stress leave and indicated that the stress was causing high blood pressure issues. When I returned I was given a letter by my supervisor and the HR supervisor of the Human Resources Corporate Health Consultant that all doctor appointments can only be made during my days off or holidays. An explanation was required why I took so long to see the City’s Health and Wellness psychologist since the appointment was only an hour and I took 3 hours. What were the tests I was having with my doctor and what were the results etc.', 'Finally I was informed no investigation was done on my behalf and my manager had taken care of the problem and a letter was placed on my file that someone said I gossiped and it was creating a toxic environment so I was written up for gossiping?.', 'Anyways it goes on and on. Even though I receive numerous accolades for my work and am considered the most proficient at all my duties I still get into trouble for gossiping even when I’m gone on vacation with so called witnesses I’ve never seen. My medical information is known throughout my unit , I’m confined to my desk and reprimanded for being late by a minute while all the other staff in my unit can come and go, take long lunches and extended breaks while I’m watched and even followed to the washroom. ', 'The City has a reputation for making life difficult for those they want out till they quit and know the union is, as my manager says, toothless.  The union is either unwilling or unable to see the fact that this is workplace bullying. The questions posed by HR are against the medical information privacy act and finally all my dignity is being stripped little by little from me because I cannot fight this alone. It is no wonder I was informed recently because of this situation I have suffered a minor stroke because I can’t lash out. Why I stay? Well I’m 54 years old and handicapped and I’ve worked hard for the city for 8 years and perhaps I’m afraid that being a handicap will limit any chances of other gainful employment. I grew up seeing first hand that justice and rights are for those in power or can afford it. I am Métis, I have seen people like me that make too much noise or challenge authority right or wrong pay a heavy price plus considering the position my union is taking. What would you do? What can I do without paying the price?']
I work as a bank teller I have been there for over four years I enjoy my job and my customers are great. But, the manager I worked for was very mean she said the only reason the customers are there is because of her no one else. We would have a meeting every morning and during the meetings she would tell people about mistakes I made (she never did this to anyone else).', "She explained to all the other women that I was here to work for evey one else. If you need something tell her and she must bring it to you. She would snap her finger at me and then point to the floor of where I was to come stand. She would get mad at me for talking to customers if they did not have a lot of money. (She thinks they are a waste of time.) She would tell me if you can't get them to get a bank product kick them to the curb. I would tell her they are still customers are they are great it does not matter what they have! I got in trouble for that.", "I called human resources on her (did not use my name). She picked on the other women but, I was the main target. Those other women protected her, so nothing was done. It took 3 more yrs for them to move her to another office. New manager came in ok at first but she turned out to be one of her  buddies. Now this one wants her huge butt kissed daily and the assistant manager is also a buddy. I just had a review telling me that I need to tell them why I can't suceed. ", "I need another job I have been looking, they now tell me I have no clue what I am doing. Then the very next day what a great job I am doing. I am now throwing up and migraines and nightmares on meds for it all. I know I need to quit but, I need the money and a job. I keep praying they will fire me, I don't what to do. I actually count down how many hours till I have to go back. Even called a lawyer but, no bully laws are in my state.
Professional and neutral, I was still targeted by the principal for public humiliation and shame.  She had some personal envy toward me, expressing her jealousy by directing her veteran teachers to undermine and shun me.  Hate mail was circulated and favorite classrooms were mysteriously trashed.', "I was assigned from a 4th grade assignment to 6th grade, and given the most challenging students.  The stress was so great, I suffered a heart attack and rushed to ER from my home.  After being hit in the head by a stray basketball, I filed a Workman's Comp claim.  ", 'Surplussing myself to a nearby school, rumors were spread by other teachers about the reasons for my transfer.  It seems that there is a dirty network, from bullyteacher-to-bullyteacher, bullyprincipal-to-bullyprincipal, and will all but destroy your reputation.  ', 'Today, I am still teaching and now we have a new bully-principal who is in a huddle with the bully-teachers. ', 'The union has limited reach and protects themselves by stating that they represent ALL Union members ("bully" teachers are also union members), and the HR department is under the Administration\'s interests and will protect the bullyprincipal.', 'Even though you may be exhausted by all the drama and powerplay, you cannot remain isolated, for this will make you an easy target!  Get out and connect/mingle with like-minded staff! Safety in numbers and use your sick days.
I work at a school, and recently was brought into administrator's office and told that after 19 years of working at hours I was hired for, that now I would have to extend my day by one hour. I am unable to work this extra hour due to other business obligations, however, I was bullied and told that I better go home and get my priorities straight in order to work this extra hour.", 'I was also called a "pain" by one of the administrators. I have never been in trouble at work a day in my life, this is all very new to me. I feel I am being penalized by not being able to work this additional hour per day.
Hello. My story is already written here titled,"It\'s Not Worth It."  Extremely toxic and abusive workplace environment. I should have quit long ago but needed extra money so I stayed.', 'However, a recent incident pushed me to the point of no return, so to speak. A co worker (different bully) smacked me in the back with a soft cover book on her way to lunch. I confronted her and all I got was a a surprised, innocent look on her face. She grovelled through her crocodile tears and insisted she didn\'t mean anything by it. It was just an "innocent swat". Baloney! She new damn well what she was doing. I proceeded to tell her how I was recovering from 2 weeks of painful back spasms. She looked rather pale at that moment.', "I reported the incident to management and haven't seen much of her since. I have every intention to report both physical assaults  I endured at that place (in the 2 years I worked there) to police ASAP! Unfortunately, I grew up in a household where you kept quiet about such things and never rocked the boat. A crippling habit I intend to break and conquer. I deserve better. WE ALL deserve better.", "I was going to quit on the spot but didn't want to empower the bullies into thinking they won. They didn't. Instead, I gave a 2 week notice and immediately felt relief, happiness and the determination to never allow this behaviour to fester in my life or next job again.  ", "In closing, I will finish my next few days with a big happy ol smile. My company is losing (not to brag) a well liked, smart and efficient employee. I'll take my friendships and recent employee recognition award with me. Perhaps that's why I was targeted. All I did was go into work each day and do my job. That's it.", 'Meanwhile, the bullies will remain in their sad, pathetic existence\'s. They\'re currently harassing an elderly employee who\'s just trying to hang on a few months till her pension kicks in. She\'s off now due to stress but unlike me she spoke up right away. Nothing will change though. There is a "pack mentality" in that place. When one bully is away the others kick in and attack. That\'s what happened to me. ', 'Thanks for listening.
My wife has been working in rest homes for over 6 years. In one rest home over 4 months she is an experienced care giver and a new manager came on in the last 2 months and up set the apple cart favoring 2 staff members over the top of my wife. they told little fibs to the new manager and badger and verbally bullied my wife because of a situation that happened at work. One of them left a Resident on the toilet and forgot about them and tried to make my wife admit they had done it together.', 'Three of the residents had past away so staff hours had to be cut. The new manager gave more hours to the 2 favoured staff members and my wife less and less. All this happened within 5 weeks. 3 weeks ago my wife put in a complaint about being bullied to the new manager the new manager flagged it and did nothing.', "In the last 2 weeks my wife was very stressed and still been bullied and finding it very hard to do her work. The last night she was working with a friend and looked at the roster and found the manager had put the bullies name up for one of her shifts and didn't tell her about it. This was the last straw.", 'The next day my wife quit her job, it made an unsafe working  environment for staff and residents.', "I had made a complaint to an organisation. The manager of the rest home decided to follow up on my wife's complaint two weeks after she had left because the organisation had contacted her. She rang up twice and disscrimaterd my wife and said they weren't bullies and in the next sentence said they were by saying they were telling my wife how to do her job.", 'The other staff members and Residents all like her and say she works really hard and well.
I just started a new job and I\'ve been there 8 weeks. My boss tells me that I cant\' ask my coworkers for any help at all; that I can only ask her. She also walks in my office when I\'m talking to someone else and announces that she doesn\'t like when people whisper in the office when, in fact, no one is whispering. She has "warned" me to stay away from certain people because they are bitches and can\'t be trusted.', 'She constantly makes negative remarks to me about other coworkers and my coworkers have said that they are intimidated by her.', "She also micromanages my work. In the short time I've been there, she has not communicated with me except to criticize every little thing I do. I do not have a clear understanding of what she expects, so communication is almost non existent.", "I can't bear the thought of working one more day for her. I find that I'm experiencing headaches, jaw pain, and insomnia since I've been there. I'm also very depressed and can't think of anything except my job.", 'What should I do? Quit or stick it out?
The managers there would openly rebuke me in front of costumers that I had developed a rapport with for issues beyond my doing or that where out of my control.  They played blatantly favorites and would put me 'on blast' making threats towards my job and even throw walky-talkies at me, lie to me, change their story to cover-up when I'd question policy and procedures and I was in the dressing room one day when one was bad-mouthing me.  when I confronted her face to face she totally denied it and made up a big lie about me to our boss.", 'She was constantly out of line and recruiting a gang against me.  She would say things wrong about me for all to hear on the walkie-talkie and get her little gang to chime-in.  I finally quit even though the costumers adored me.', "Since then I lost that I was renting and I'm now in a co-ed shelter where I'm getting bullied by two people, a man and a woman.  The woman is always bullying me out of the bathroom so that I have to hurry and get out of her way. Plus she steals from me.  The man is mad because I'm not interested in him so he watches every move I make and is always on my case about things and tries to get into my business and tower over me all the time and talk over me.
I worked at a place for 13 years and in the last 7 or so I've endured and witnessed name calling, racism, sexual harassment, groping, womanizing and even some light battery. The man that is the initiator is the warehouse manager.", 'The straw that finally broke my back was my manager came up from behind me held my arms down and thrusted his groin into my buttocks and pushed so hard I had to take a step to prevent from falling. I and another employee decided it was time to report this and we did.', "Then the company fired us. Since then 7 others have come forward and the company is trying to protect this and a few other managers. We are suing but the company thinks they can't be touched. They have tried buying a few of us off to keep quiet, but it's not working we need to be loud now. Can anyone help us out by making this into the public eye?
I didn\'t know how to deal with, and still don\'t know how to deal with a previous technical lead that I have previously worked for. He seemed to need a target for hostility. He wasn\'t grounded in any reality as to whether the person he targeted for his hostility was a detriment to the team or not. I gave him the benefit of the doubt, since he was diabetic and supposedly took several pain killers daily. I exercised compassion and believed that his poor judgement was a symptom of his lack of physical health. In other words, I played Mother Theresa. Unfortunately, I did this a little too much. I had to actually "play dead" around his boss who was even more bombastic and abusive. He was like a rogue black bear looking to maul people. ', 'The truth was that my lead was committing true discrimination and subscribed in public humiliation to control people. He was literally my worst case scenario with being subject to unreasonable and unprovoked abuse.', 'I found his technical leadership skills to be actually inept. His inability to deal with any idea that didn\'t conform to his narrow, mechanical internal view of software construction was an obstacle. His response was just to shut down any technical channel that he couldn\'t deal with by being harsh and irrational to the person initiating a different technical perspective. His management let him get away with this and probably encouraged it. It seemed that they had no technical acumen to asses him by. This person submitted a "Personnel Action" on me, which I thought was extremely extraneous and arbitrary. I felt as if that group of people actually threatened by technical, accumulated experience and professionalism. He actually told me that "personality" was all that mattered, yet his "personality" - lack of patience, brute force abuse of people, short fuse and irrationality when dealing with people - was horrific. The "Personnel Action" was not warranted when, in many ways, I was fighting back for being bullied. So, not only did he get to bully people, he had the perverse authority to reprimand them when they defended themselves from being bullied. So much of what happened when I worked for that employer was the byproduct of being in a dis-functional group of people who couldn\'t contain their anger or hostility.', "I've changed jobs and feel lucky for this, however, I have carried bad habits from my last job to my new one. I am so used to any reasonable, logical, technical idea being aggressively, verbally dismissed that I don't exercise any initiative. I don't trust my co-workers, because I couldn't trust my previous lead. I am adapting and am happy that I am in a functional technical group - both in technical merit and capacity and personally. ", "I have had to learn the hard way not to respond to someone's random bullying in the workplace. What I've learned over many years - is not to respond - almost don't register any emotions at the receipt of bullying. Keep veins of steel - so to speak. If the bullier can't get an emotional response from you - they will go find someone else to bully. Then report his/her behavior immediately so that he/she can't find another target. This methodology didn't work in my last job - which makes me conclude that bullying was inherit to all of their management - it was like a micro-management control mechanism that was actually condoned. I am so glad that I am out of there!
A year ago, I dropped dead.  I had to be revived with CPR and numerous shocks to my heart.  I now have a pacemaker and defibrillator.  I was told that my potassium ran out of my heart.  It was not a cardiac arrest.  After returning back to work after 6 weeks out, I seem to be pinpointed for small infractions that are written up.', 'It started when I fell asleep at my desk.  I have been at this public job for 16 years and never had this problem.  My cardiologist  wrote a letter to be put in my permanent file stating that this was connected to my medicine for my heart.  I also went to a sleep center to get a CPAP machine.', "This week I was sent home without pay for three days because of this a what they consider a messy desk.  I do plan reviews, answer the phone, help other fellow employees with their work, etc.  I feel that I am being harassed because of what happened to me with my heart.  I didn't ask for this condition and I am doing the best to work and I only have four years to retire.", 'My boss makes comments all the time about "you should check into retiring on disability or I would just simply quit this job and be a door greeter at Walmart\'s before I would let this job get to me."  Sounds to me that he is trying everything to get me to just quit.  I need this job and can\'t afford to just quit.  I only have 4 years till I can retire.  I am only 58 years old.', "I need to find out if this is a case for a harassment suit or what?  I have enough to deal with each day, and I don't need this continual pressure.  On the paper they wrote up, I have to be babysat each day for the next three months and if they don't think I am doing what they want, then they stated that they can let me go.  What are my rights?  Where do I go for help?  What should I do?  I am extremely upset and worried about the next steps.  Please help...
I made a complaint to my supervisors about my boss calling me names and hitting me on the head with Styrofoam packing, poking his finger within inches of my face and since he has found out I am not isolated in a cube with nothing to do.', "I feel this is an extreme case. I have been physically assaulted and made fun of. I am normally a very strong person. I have never had to deal with this my entire life. Very sad actually that we can't do more to stop bullying in the work place.
This is not a workplace bullying story but an internet bullying story. I am an advocate for autism education and this is my story:', 'This all started when I came across a group that was rallying to help a fifth grader with autism being charged with assault. As an advocate and survivor of physical bullying, I strongly believed in standing  up for others. As we put together the donation button for the child’s legal fees, we found out that a group operating under and “organizational” name was harassing the grandmother of the fifth grader about her finances to as much as five years earlier. They were demanding "answers" of her and every answer only prompted a hostile wave of new questions with similar demands.  What I should have done as her advocate (who could only lend researching and moral support) was to advise her to block these people and concentrate only on her grandson and his needs.  But I didn’t do that. ', 'What I did was go to these people, look at their website, discover they had fundraisers of their own and decided to question them right back. Unfortunately, others who were involved with trying to help the boy, took similar steps and posted angry comments about this opposing group. I don’t agree with much of what the others said or the tactics they tried to use against these internet vigilantes, but the bottom line is that I’m now a permanent target.  I believed I was standing up for a child who needed help. So I fought with them, even on their own blog, and that is why I will never see justice for their actions up to today. ', 'My name and online identity has been put in tags of their blogs (even if they had nothing to do with me) or I am mentioned in the body of text of negative blogs. This totals almost 100 blog posts. It really got bad when they posted a blog article completely dedicated to me a year after the initial issue. They went so far as to search my background and find a lawsuit I filed against an employer. The posted pieces of the court document in that blog and did their best to make it look like I’m keeping a secret of a deep dark criminal past.  The full facts of the case show my exoneration and the deep dark criminal past is a single misdemeanour from 19 years ago.  They demanded answers from me but would only accept them on their website where their commenters could have their way with me.', 'I’ve called police and talked to attorneys. It’s been called a civil matter and; while they agree that this group acted without ethics or morale, the costs would be astronomical.  I’ve tried to walk away, I’ve blocked names on Facebook and Twitter, but it just keeps coming. They want me to know that they’ve written a 200,000 page book with a character based on me and a second book is coming. They want me to know that the blog article has gotten them the most success for their "organization" and blog than any other they’ve ever done. They want me to know they sell out of their book at every single book signing. ', 'I’ve tried to use peaceful terms and even erased everything about them in my own blogs. Even that was used as a weapon against me.', 'Human beings are hardwired to defend themselves, but this isn’t a street corner and you can’t be a bodyguard on the internet. Now, every time someone looks me up for the good work I’m doing, they equally find filth used to smear me. ', 'My policy now; block them. Tell anyone you know that is being bullied that the blocking tool is their best friend. I block on the first negative comment on any social network I’m on. I’ve blocked a lot of people just over this horrid issue, but they are relentless. So block them. Don’t put out too much information and don’t be too trusting if at all. And if they do start to attack you, keep information on what’s happening but do not respond.  Don’t say anything about them at all. I may sound like a hypocrite for saying that because of what I’m writing here, but someone has to tell you. So that’s my story that I’m sending in to this page. There’s good advice here, follow it.
This isn't really a workplace story, I've been bullied pretty much everywhere for years. I'm just different and I guess that sets them off. I've been bullied at school, and I was bullied at camp and at birthday/slumber parties when I was a kid. I've also been bullied in random public places. I'm not really sure how this keeps happening because I'm really average in appearance. I'm even told that I'm pretty, so there's really nothing about me physically that would provoke them. But bullies are crazy so I guess they see something that I don't. Most of these bullies are people from school and friends of those people. I love drawing and fashion and have always been artsy. I also have a lot of glitches, including ADHD (the inattentive, non-hyperactive subtype), general anxiety and social anxiety, so I've always been socially awkward and very sensitive. They knew that about me when I was little, and they provoked me to the point of having serious rage attacks, where I would become this bull just wanting to trample them.", 'The bullying turned malicious when I was in junior high school. Prior to that I had been a fairly outgoing child, but my confidence waned when no one laughed at my jokes, put down everything I had to say, and began calling me names.', "By the time I was in grade nine (about fourteen years old) my anxiety had gone through the roof and I was completely social phobic. I couldn't raise my hand in class without my heart jumping in my throat and sweating like crazy and blushing. I was silent for entire classes. It was unthinkable to bring attention to myself because that only brought on hostility. I was taunted by some girls in my gym class, and one day I was so upset for how they treated me that I completely lost it and punched a girl in the stomach, but it wasn't one of the girls who had bullied me, it turns out it was someone nice and well-liked. From then on my reputation was ruined. Now the bullies had a reason to hate me, and they continued to hate me even when I asked the girl for forgiveness and we hugged and she forgave me.", "I thought they would stop by grade 12 but the same stuff kept happening, and I felt like I couldn't do anything right socially. I graduated high school but was now plagued by thoughts of suicide. I felt like nobody liked me, and I didn't even like me. I was so filled of regret for not making friends with the right people and for all the stupid things I'd done, and I was so filled with hate for how the bullies had pushed me to the outside.", "It wasn't until high school ended that I was really able to see myself as someone I didn't hate, and that I was able confront my problems. I now take Cipralex to control my anxiety and it has helped significantly with my life. I've made friends with some really cool people and I see now that there was never a barrier that could stop me from making friends like I had thought for so many years. I still have regrets about high school; there were a lot of really nice people that I wanted to hang out with but I was too scared to approach them. I try much more now to come out of my shell when I meet someone cool. I've finished my first year of college and still have to deal with a little small town bullshit from those people who bullied me, but I can deal with it now because I know I'm not alone.
You should look carefully at the workplace environment, as you may find that the bully has targeted others who keep quiet until privately asked if they had experienced similar antagonistic treatment.', "This was exactly the case for me.  It didn't have to do with my sex, intelligence or work habits.  It had to do with the clique culture.  Either you joined in the culture that fed the bully's insecurity complex (and thus were her or his groupie) or you were targeted.", 'At several workplaces in the same town, the bully as widely despised by a number of workers who disclosed their true feelings privately, away from the workplace.  Several were male (I am female).  Those of us who were targeted loathed gossiping.  These workplaces were broadly characterized by one astute person as clique-ish and were well known locally for bullying tactics.', "It's not about you, it's not personal.  It's a simple division of those who are self-secure and accomplished and those who are chronically insecure and have learned the tactics of bullies, often from their early social peer groups or from role models.  ", "It's social programming, and it's propagated from generation or generation.  You may have learned and adopted passive-aggressive responses as a result of that social conditioning (if you have been bullied chronically).  As a result, you may be unconsciously attracting and enabling bully behavior.", "I've realized that bosses can easily succumb to bully tactics in order to maintain their place in the pecking order and to control capable and independent-minded underlings (who inadvertently cause their bully bosses to feel insecure).", "If you want to stop bullying, you have to recognize that workplace pecking orders exist and will encourage and support bully behaviors rather than deal with them.  The only way to stop it is to learn how to neutralize your boss or coworker's insecurity and shield yourself from adverse actions.", 'That requires you to stop seeing yourself as an isolated victim and to start networking with others who are similarly treated to quietly resist the negativity and, if possible, to bring a Group Case against the bully to management.  The latter can only happen if management (and HR) is ambivalent to bullying and is willing to investigate and act on carefully documented examples of this adverse behavior, provided that focus on the detriment of such actions to workplace productivity.
My Workplace Bullying story starts after 3 years of fantastic employment with a Federal Government Department. I was re-assigned to a new team, not long after the Team Coach was moved to another department and an Acting Team Coach was appointed. ', 'At the time she and I had a friendly working relationship, by that we would talk everyday about tv shows, books and music that we were into. At the time Twilight and True blood were just released.', 'In a meeting "A" yelled at another co-worker and walked out of the meeting, after 20 minutes walked back in like nothing happened. 15 minutes after the meeting "A" pulled me aside (in a one on one meeting) and asked "was my behaviour in any way inappropriate?"', 'My answer was "I can see your side and I can see his side and I do not want to get involved."', 'From then on "A" stopped speaking to me, would not include me in team lunches, meeting etc. "A" even went as far as to stop team members speaking to me, threaten my employment in one on one meeting, approved my annual leave in on breath and then took it way in the next, yelled at me in front of other co-workers and so on. "A" sent emails to management that lied about my behaviour, threaten formal counselling/discipline.', 'After reporting "A" to Human Resources I was told to keep a record and time line, have a meeting with the manager. I held the meeting with the manager and she treating both me and the situation as a joke stating "We are all adults and you and "A" need to start acting like adults and I am not going to intervene on your behalf and nor should I have too."', 'After making a formal complain the treatment got worse, I was isolated from all employees in the department, when I reported the bullying to the union I was told that they had received a number of reports from other union member about both the manager and "A" but before they could act I would have to join the union.', 'I was told by a friend that a meeting was held and everyone was told not to talk to me.', 'A new Team Coach was employed after a year and I was told "to see how it goes." The new Team Coach was worse and the treatment continued. I was put under performance review for false accusations and rumors were spread about me. In the end I became really sick and was forced to resign.', 'I suffer from Major Depression, Anxiety, Panic Attacks, PTSD and Agoraphobia (Fear of leaving the house) and I have even thought about suicide a number of different times. I am fighting for Workers compensation even though they have rejected my claim twice stating that it was my employers right to treat me like that.', 'I am unemployed, can not hold a job, looking at being medicated for life and at 32 being placed on a pension due to the fact that I have major trouble leaving my house.', 'If anyone can help please let me know.']
I am a very shy person, I don't usually hit or mock at anyone and expect the same but sometimes it just doesn't work out.", 'People keep telling me how I am losing my hair.', 'People take chances to mock at my achievements and take hits because I worked hard at something.
I am a school teacher in the US. Six years ago, I took a new position at a brand new middle school. The principal of the school was the domestic partner of my best friend. I was coming from a school that was in total disarray due to an incompetent principal, and I could not wait to be somewhere different. It was different alright. The bullying and intimidation began before the school officially opened.', ' ', 'Over the summer, many days I would hang out with my friend by her pool, but any time her partner arrived home, she would yell and scream at me for being over there. This started to create a lot of tension in their personal relationship, which I always ended up in the middle. One day, the principal was so enraged that I was there (mind you this was my friend and my normal summer routine - the only thing different was I now worked for my friend\'s partner) that she threw a can at my head and cursed out my children (one who would be starting as a student at her school). The next day, I went by there to go to the movie with my friend and her kids. We left my car at her house and took her car. When we arrived back home, my principal was there, so the kids and I got straight in my car and left. The next day, I had errands to run, and while driving my tire came off my car. I managed to keep from wrecking, which was a miracle. The next day, my friend called me to tell me she had found my lug nuts in her garage. My principal said she found them on the driveway where they had apparently "fallen off" my tire. I believed the story.', "School started, and it was a roller coaster ride. My friend and my principal were having serious relationship problems, and my principal kept dragging me into the middle of it. When I refused, she would find things to go after me professionally. One day I would be her favorite person, and the next I would be yelled at (in front of students and co-workers), threatened, and humiliated. By the end of the year, I couldn't take any more and told my friend that for the sake of my professional life, she and I were going to have to quit communicating. She warned me that my principal was out to get me, and that I was making a huge mistake.", 'I expected the next school year to be better, but it was worse. The principal hired a new AP who became her "henchman" of sorts. The two of them would not leave me alone. It was constant - from making fun of my weight (loudly enough that others - including my students - heard) to nitpicking everything I did. By the end of the year, they moved me to an electives class (which was the principal\'s usual way of getting rid of teachers). ', 'Finally, one morning, I was called to the assistant principal\'s office. She told me that an email had been sent accidentally to the whole school. She said it was from the principal meant to just go to her partner. The email was supposedly about her concern about me. She told me not to worry because the email had been recalled. I got to my room, signed on my computer, and there was the email and about 50 replies to me. The email was horrible. It said that I "reeked of cat pee," that I was "nasty" and had to go. I was devastated! I did not want to leave school - didn\'t want her to win, so I stayed for most of the day until a co-worker made me go home. I was numb. I was so humiliated that I couldn\'t even function.', "The next day the principal called me in her office to apologize and acted as if everything was just fine between us. I told her that I wouldn't file a complaint if she promised to leave me alone. About a week later, though, I received a call from the county board of education for me to come in. My union representative was there because someone had forwarded her the email. I told them that I did not wish to file a complaint. Honestly I was too embarrassed to file a complaint. I just wanted it to go away. They said my principal has been reprimanded with a letter in her personnel file.", "Months went by but the harassment continued - not from the principal directly but from her assistant. They called family and children services on me saying I neglected my own children (case immediately dropped), and eventually told me that I was being displaced because they didn't have a position for me the next year (even though I had years more service than many others). At this I went to the county again only to find that I was not displaced - I was not on the list - they were messing with me. It was all out psychological warfare. Still I did not file a formal complaint - I was afraid of being branded a trouble maker.", 'Finally after another school year with on and off harassment, the principal announced that she was leaving to go back to the classroom. Over that summer, the assistant principal was transferred to another school, and we got a new principal and assistant. Our new administration is wonderful, but I still suffer.', "I have never in my life been a person who needed or wanted accolades or affirmation, but all this changed due to my experiences. I am constantly besieged by doubts and worry. Our workplace is transformed and a wonderful place to work, but I still am looking around every corner afraid that I will not live up to expectations - that I will some how get in trouble. It's awful. I long for the old me who trusted her own instincts and needed no affirmations other than internal. It's been three years now since I worked for my bully boss. Most days are wonderful, but then something will happen and it all comes flooding back. If I had it to do over again, I would file that complaint and file a personal lawsuit against my former principal. But hindsight is 20/20.
I worked in the Educational Field, (High School) for 6 years. My supervisor would scream and undermine many of us. Initially reporting to her supervisor, my boss would back off. Eventually, her supervisor chose to ignore our complaints. I met with the principal of the school suggesting a simple solution of continuing to take assignments from my supervisor, yet requesting to report to someone different for any complaints. This was met with screaming, harassment, intimidation and bullying from the principal towards me - a virtual witch hunt! (I could certainly understand if I had any complaints, grievances, notices towards me BUT in fact all of my yearly evaluations were Exemplary with a cupla of Proficents, (below Exemplary). No complaints of any kind! ', 'The witch-hunt continued, the principal involving more and more people on his side - mobbing. ', "This resulted in me being diagnosed with PTSD and placed on FMLA leave. Eventually, hiring an attorney and with a psychiatrist's 'okay', the school district transferred me to a different school. I lasted at this new school position for a week blowing out in full physical and psychological symptoms of PTSD. I had no choice but to leave.", 'I am on SSDI now because of the PTSD I am suffering from being Workplace Bullied.', 'I wish, for any of you from NH to go to Ming Brookside f/b. I will accept you once hearing a bit about your story. I will then accept you on my secure \'closed\' site that I have created, "NH Bully Free Workplace." At this site my primary thrust is to gain signatures and rally together to Pass THE HEALTHY WORKPLACE BILL, in NH! I realize it may be an uphill battle, BUT, WE NEED TO BE HEARD! Thank You. I look forward to your \'friend\' requests!
I worked in a hospital and I recently lost my job of ten years due to mobbing. I always got to work on time, did my work independently and always was willing to help co-workers if they needed it. My reviews were very good or above, until the last two years I was there.', 'A new grad was hired during this time, and I observed her brown-nosing my boss. Eventually, whenever there was a vacancy at work, one of her classmates would be hired right away, hence the group of people mobbing.', 'The ringleader is extremely adept to bullying my ex-boss into getting her way. A former co-worker and others in the department would pull me aside to tell me what was being said. Well meaning co-workers and friends were advising me not to "give them any reason to go to my boss about me." But  I was being reprimanded for anything and everything. Boss-lady would then encourage members of the mob to come to her and tell her about anything and everything I would do "wrong." ( So in other words, I had five supervisors instead of one.)', 'These minions were going to my boss about the most menial things, and, in fact, one of them would make weekly lists of things I would supposedly do wrong. I was so humiliated. Every one of these things were everyday occurrences that EVERYONE did. I tried to defend myself by explaining to my boss that these were things that all of us did, but either she would blow me off or did nothing to these people.', "I kept on getting written up for everything. Nothing I did was ever right, and eventually I was fired. Later, I was told, that not an hour went by from the moment I left the department, my ex-boss, in front of everybody, was calling one of the bully's friends that she got my former full-time position. (Yes, they got me out to get her in.)", "I'm still feeling very nervous and anxious at the thought of getting another job, hence getting into another bad situation. If I need to, I'll take more time off until I feel able to go back to work. (Unemployment Insurance and my savings are making ends meet now.)", 'This experience has taken a toll on me physically, psychologically and emotionally. My self esteem and professional credibility has been affected and it\'ll take me a long time to build it back up. I would really like to take legal action, however, I work in a VERY small realm and word would get out about me being a "troublemaker". Getting a job then would be impossible for me.
A couple of months ago I made a complaint against my boss and she found out. She has raised a complaint against me now regarding my starting times on my timesheet and the time of my swap card report. This is the first instance she has done the swap card report and even though I don't generally swap in when I get to work, I usually ring the bell, someone else gets in or the door stays open so I don't think this is a good indication of when I actually started work and I said that to her.", "She has now produced my timesheets with her initials on it and it shows a different writing style to hers has now asked me if I ever signed my own timesheets, which I don't. I spoke to the CEO and he said it pretty damning evidence against me. I feel lost and don't know what to do, I have asked for the swap card to be investigated and the initials and she said she has done so with two other staff members (my workplace has 25 staff).
Reading a story about a federal government employee in the US I decided to write my story here. I worked at one of the federal government departments in Canada. I was mistreated by my boss for about a year but didn't say anything. Later, I got fed up so I told his boss about this. His boss's most preferred suggestion is for me to talk to my boss. So I did and expressed how I felt. Things got worse.", 'This boss told other coworkers about what happened. He then along with his friends/clique (including people in my unit) started a public smear of me, portraying me as the "harasser" and pretty much spread lies and false accusations of me. There was a female coworker who I thought was friendly at work. She asked me certain questions about things that happened to me in the past. She was secretly recording my conversation with her and she started to also join in on the gossip just to fit in with the clique. A male coworker who I thought was a friend did the same thing.', "My character is pretty much assassinated at that workplace. Even the boss' boss joined in with the clique. This boss and this boss' boss are mounting an effort to try to fire me. Told the union rep about this but is not helpful. I filed a harassment complaint against my boss but the high level senior manager ruled that it was not harassment without even investigating this. The boss' boss and one other coworker cheered this ruling. The boss' boss later wrote to me to suggesting that I was rather making the environment unsafe. He threatened disciplinary action if I didn't talk to the person who was harassing me (my boss).", "I never returned to work because I became ill. Went away on sick leave (certified by my doctor) and never returned to work since. This so called boss' boss had been trying to make unwanted contact during my sick leave and tried to block me from obtaining benefits, even though I'm eligible, to recover from this illness. Thus it is difficult to me to obtain treatment and making it hard to recover.
I moved to Australia from the UK 8 months ago and started working in a retail head office - my role in this organisation was never fully explained to me and when I arrived I discovered I would be managing two junior buyers. In turn I would be managed by a buying manager who was over 10 years younger than myself (not that Im ageist in any way). It very quickly became apparent that one of the juniors I managed did not want to report into me and would prefer to go direct to my buying manager. I alerted my boss of this and asked for her support but what then happened and is still happening is a process of undermining and bullying.', "My boss sided with my junior (they are the same age ) leaving me with no support and no-one to turn to for help and advice. I went on holiday for 2 weeks (I had then been there 7 months) and on return had discovered my boss had spoken to both of the girls to give feedback on me - I was called into a meeting first day back by my boss to advise that I had been making negative comments about my manager - when asked I had to advise firstly that I wasn't sure what she was referring to and secondly that morale was so bad in the office that if negative comments were being made it was not only by myself but other senior managers.", 'Two days went by and I was then told there was another meeting with HR - apparently to discuss my role in the company. An hour before this meeting I was asked if I wanted a representative in with me… I had to ask why? What sort of meeting was this? When I turned up to the meeting with the HR manager and my boss it materialised there was more feedback - my team had complained I was negative and in short I was told "what do you think the solution is?" There was a feeling that I got from the meeting of please resign or else we will go down the formal route. I was told that they were unhappy with my management skills and when I asked how to improve they advised Google a book on the internet!!!', "This was all interesting to me seeing that I had no meetings to review my performance with my manager from day 1 so in effect I had gone through my 3 month and 6 month review without even a well done or you could do this better chat... confused I was but also clear of one thing that the process of 'managing me out of the business' had begun and with it the bullying and feeling that people were talking behind closed doors about me begun.", "In meetings I would be humiliated by my boss in front of my junior team who I managed about things I hadn't done right /product that I was showing was apparently not right (all of a sudden). My confidence plummeted and the feeling of intense scrutiny on my role and how I was performing was immense from all sides - above from my boss and below from my team who I found out were also having meetings with my boss to feedback on how I was doing.", 'The situation got so bad that the only option was to resign and to finish my notice period signed off for stress. I was in a no-win situation with no support and an easy target/scapegoat for all the things going wrong. What have I learnt? Not to suffer as long as I did and to get help earlier.']
I am a teacher who has been working at the same school for many years. I have met for lunch for several years with a fellow teacher who is a lesbian. She was a minority in her sexuality at my school but it was never an issue and was accepted by me openly as just any other relationship. (We supposedly have a zero tolerance policy when it comes to discrimination.) In the past year there were other lesbians hired on at the school and the new lesbian teacher works directly in the same department as the lesbian teacher I have eaten lunch with and have known for many years.', 'So, one day I am eating lunch with my teacher friend and the new teacher comes in with a catalog in her hand. The two begin discussing department money and issues of ordering new items. I am busy eating my lunch (we only have 25 minutes to eat) and I am not paying attention. The new teacher proceeds to throw the open catalog down on my plate. The catalog is open to a page that shows penis models for health class and the other page is a female body getting cautarized. My response was just a little gasp!', '1) I was surprised that the catalog landed on my plate as I was eating', '2) I was a shocked to see three large penis models sitting in front of me and a female carcas.', 'The teacher who I have know for many years turns to me and says ( my name........ "You are such a WASP! You are such a PURITAN." This was shocking to me and my only response was "I can\'t be a WASP I was raised Catholic." Which in retrospect probably gave them more fuel but I did not have time to think.', 'Several days later I confronted the teacher who has been my friend about what she said and she began to cry profusely. I felt this to be an odd reaction because most of the time she acts so tough! I ended with that I was done with the whole situation. Moreover, I decided not to tell higher ups because we have a highly dysfunctional atmosphere already. I am no longer eating lunch with her and have decided to have nothing to do with her. But, she keeps finding me at school and will say loudly my name and "GOOD MORNING." I respond nicely but I feel she is intentionally trying to bully and humiliate me further. What do I do?
Hello everyone. This is my short story. There is a bully at work. The bully targeted so many people for years for so many different reasons, but none where to climb a ladder. It just didn't make sense to any of us as to what this person was up too. I think it was just for attention.", "At first the bully was believed by many, but as the years went by, and this bully picked on us one by one this bully started to lose respect. The bully had co-workers in the HR office, up for charges, trying to get people fired, you name it. It was a frightening thing. All of the bully's claims where dropped because of lack of evidence, but the hell the bully put these people through, myself included, was awful.", "This bully gained strength because of management's lack of knowledge and laziness to do anything about it. The bully would cry (literally tears) to management and tell them  boo hoo stories to make management feel sorry for them, and management always gave the bully a ear, a shoulder and the benefit of the doubt even with the bully's long history of complaints and even at the cost of others going on stress leave because of the bully.", "One day the bully was flirting with another person. A common thing this bully does. I believe this bully finally backed themselves into a wall and was afraid of their spouse finding out, so the bully up and quit (even though management did their 'sweep it under the rug' routine). Just like that.", 'What a total shock and happy day it was for all us who where tormented and bullied by this person for years.', "So I would just like to personally thank you bully for doing that for all of us. You have brought great joy and a wonderful sense of relief to all your fellow co-workers, we really can't thank you enough. It's the nicest thing you've ever done for anyone. Work just isn't the same without you, it's way better now that your gone!", 'PS the cake we had in your celebration was yummy!
I worked for 31 years in a Major Public Hospital in Victoria, as a Nurse. I spent the last 11 years working in the job capacity as an below knee Amputee. I still performed all required bedside duties competently and safely, until SHE became the latest NUM. Prior to HER arrival, I had been through 7 NUMs in the same Ward.', 'Upon her arrival, the bullying began. She started on some senior staff, made their life "Hell," so they all left for other jobs, then started on me. My last 4 years under her were an absolute nightmare. I was forced to seek legal advice, to try to protect myself from her and her gang, but in the end, even my legal team were ineffective. The constant monitoring, Verbal Threats from HER, degradation from her off sides, the lies, the constant put downs were unbearable. My work suffered severely. Yes, I was making totally uncharacteristic mistakes, which,of course, HER monitors were always quick to report, not offer support for. I was forced to resign last year.', 'She was even vicious enough to write a most defamatory letter against me, stating that I refused all assistance offered. Of course this was refused, simply because it was never offered, she finished the letter by stating that I was a danger to the public!. Since the "sacking" I have approached numerous legal areas, only, each time, to be scoffed at and told not to be so silly. I am mentally scarred from her. I have quit nursing for good. My future is very bleak, thanks to HER. She remains, destroying a once much loved work area, by many Nurses, whilst I am unable to pick up the nasty pieces and be rid of them.
I work in a shop, I am a shop assistant and we've got 2 supervisors whom are mother and daughter they are forever bitching and bullying me at work because I get on with my job. I know what I am doing and I do a good job. They say thing's to previous employers about me behind my back. There's no way that she'll ever get a man who would look at her. I'm not blowing my own trumpet but I do get on with men and I get on with the customer's as well, unlike them.", "The only people they talk to are kids younger than them. Nobody else talks to them and plus I know what I'm doing at work as well and they don't like it because they don't know what they are doing. They always ask me how do you this, how do you do that. They can't think for themselves either and they are always creating trouble for everyone else they can't just leave people alone that's to easy for them. And they're always slagging the manager off as well.
My story takes place in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan area at a organization which takes care of the majority of mass transportation. I joined this company in February of 1997 as an Bus Operator.  When I came through seeking employment I was sexually harassed by a Bus Training Supervisor.  Even in the beginning the managers, supervisors in this company pull their weight on newcomers. ', 'Next, this same supervisor started rumors of me having a nasty attitude while I was in bus training. I knew he liked me but I was not interested.  He, obviously, could not take rejection. This was the start of defamation of my character around this company.  Once I graduated from training and was sent to my designated bus garage of choice the first thing I encounter was the garage union shop steward making himself known to me and stating, "if you have any problems or concerns come to me" and "if you get any alleged complaints always file a union grievance". I was, repeatedly, victimized by co-workers with unwelcomed sexual verbal messages and unwelcomed sexual body suggestions. (meaning talking dirty to me and throwing kisses at me and trying to walk up on me and throw their arms around me) When they saw how I wasn\'t the type to be loud in the garage, quit and minded my own business and not hang around in the garage in between shifts I was then beginning to become categorized as too good, stuck up and thinking I\'m too pretty for the rest of employees.  I even was suggested of being a lesbian because I at one point didn\'t carry a purse but a wallet in my back pocket for convenience and so I wouldn\'t get my purse stolen off the bus.', 'I had a Bus Superintendent constantly beg me to go into management but one day he turned me off from the idea by stating, "I was too pretty to be a bus operator." I found that offensive. I worked as an Bus Operator for 18 months during which I\'d received a customer commendation in 1997 first before any alleged customer complaints. The customer spoke highly of myself in how I gave a professional and courteous ride every morning as well as having a beautiful smile that lit his mornings up and how attractive I was. This, obviously, worked against myself and caused me to gain enemies in the company and word traveled fast.  I was bored and interested in learning how to be a Station Manager or Train Operator so I bided on a training class and was awarded. I was a Station Manager for 18 months and I had no customer complaints and I was a Train Operator for 8 months and had no customer complaints but encountered an off door incident with my train which caused me to be suspended from anywhere of 7 to 12 days.  I grieved it thru my union and lost.  I believe because I spoke honestly and truthfully on the Rohr trains which Metro had at that time which was faulty.  I, also, had bad experiences with my Rail Superintendent at my second choice Rail Division whom I was told by a Union Business Agent she was attracted to me.  ', 'I went thru harassment just about every day just to be picking with me even though they were slick management and knew to stay within their scope like:  I\'m returning into the rail yard with my train and just as I\'m about to get close to my turn-off for the yard my radio in the train cab would go off stating, "train# we need u to stay in service and go to the end of the line", constant attitude from the supervisors down central control on the air with all the operators, when I was out sick and returned I was told I had to state the diagnosis on my doctor\'s slip and being harassed 30 days after the fact for being late to work as others were do to a draw bridge being up which filed up everyone.  Management has 20 days to take any disciplinary action against any employee... 30 days late.', 'After, being so fed up and no one to reach out to or anyone who was not too scared to challenge management but furthermore, stand up for me and my rights, I\'ve decided to bid back to the bus and I was awarded a bus run. I worked for about 3 1/2 to 4 years where somewhere in between those years I had to write up an employee for threatening me by stating, "he was going to slap the shit out of me."  Management covered for him and in the investigation write up it clearly states, "the supervisor could not find either employee at fault" but goes on to say she is referring myself to a training course for how to get along in the workplace.  Now, you tell me did I miss something back then or even now with that judgement?  I had to write a Street Supervisor up for on the job harassment and sexual harassment.  Management falsified documents and made like I used profanity on this supervisor and that I was insubordinate.  ', 'Our union found management in many lies and falsifying documents and reports.  My case was won in 45 days but I was held out of work for 5 months.  Management does things like this to attempt to teach us a lesson.  Later, I found out once I had been reinstated that the supervisor who I wrote up was, in fact, involved in a sexual harassment case over at his division.  The union rep stated, "because I didn\'t have any previous documents of sexual harassment on the supervisor it was like I was crying wolf".  Another Union Rep. mentioned by stating, "a hit was put out on me by management." How ridiculous is that when he already had a sexual harassment charge on him.  This is the case for alot of men in management in this company they all go around sexually harassing the women on the job and the only thing that happens to them is that they are moved to another location through demotion or even promotion until they\'re able to retire.  It\'s only been one man who has been terminated that I know of for sexual harassment and he was in management and he was in the drug program.  ', "That's another problem in this company.  The rumor is that this company has a program with the District and maybe Maryland and Virginia with the local jails to help inmates with lesser charges to get back on their feet once they come out.  I'm for a person getting a second chance but it's a way you go about it. These men need special training and some need special attention of therapy.  This program has been going on it sounds like for a long time like early 70's so don't you think these men are the ones in management 20 plus years later.  This is why its so much inadequacies in this company and group cliques and favouritism along with unfairness.", "In closing, to sum everything up, from 1997 to 2007, I had 3 customer commendations to my knowledge but I believe it should be more and they weren't given to me. I had 1 alleged customer complaint for rudeness and 3 to 4 customer complaints for being too early on my route, too late on my route or getting lost on my route.  Then I had supervisor citations like wearing the wrong uniform hat, no tie on with a outer-garment and 1 for being on my cell phone while sitting on the bus.  So, basically, my record is not anything of great concern of a problem employee or an dangerous employee.  Once I venture back down on the rail for the second and final time, I out of nowhere started receiving alleged customer complaints starting in 2008 up to 2011 totalling 8 or 9 alleged complaints which resulted in me being terminated. So what I suppose to have the most complaints in this company?  Give me a break.  In between that time frame in 2010, I'd written a safety email to the General Manager, Chief of Safety, Top Managers, Union President and Chief of Police which all ignored but the Union President and Chief of Police but that was all fake in their plot to get rid of myself for speaking up and speaking my mind.  I even had to write up a transit police officer for harassment and nothing happened to her or she didn't lose her job.  An alleged customer complaint got me terminated. I was interviewed and terminated in the same day.  I was unable to have union representation.  I had 3 transit officers there to escort me off the premises. My union turned their backs on me and did not represent me wisely, honestly and accurately.", 'I\'ve requested a copy of the audio from the appeal which I know has been tampered with, it\'s obvious, thats being done and I also requested another appeal which I\'m sure I won\'t get do to the fact, that after submitting a request I received a letter stating, "my request may be denied do to the fact that a appeal is already on file which may be used to go on record".  All I\'m hearing is excuses, file-ups, mistakes and bribes.  This is so unfortunate, of course, for me that an organization can have and does have so much power and authority over an entire metropolitan area but I do understand why and I know how they do because I understand which entity in this area brought mass transit here.  ', 'Metro needs to be shut down for however long and reorganized to function safely and properly.  Please keep in your prayers as I will do you and everyone else in this world who has to endure jealousy, hatred and malice on their jobs and unfortunately lose there jobs by individuals who are lacking the proper understanding and wisdom.  God Bless, you all and do keep in touch via my email.  Respectfully!
About 7 years ago my boss turned on me. She gave me work to do but not the tools to do it. She took every opportunity to put me down in front of my co-workers.', 'My fellow team members were also intimidated by her treatment of me and I became isolated and depressed. I dreaded going in to work. She would give me something to do, tell me how she wanted it done and then in front of everyone tell me I shouldn\'t have done it at all. Or, she would change her mind about the procedure of something and not tell me until I had completed the work, making it seem like it was my fault I did it "wrong". Lately, she has given me outright wrong information, changed procedure directly affecting my work and not informed me and given me several sets of conflicting instructions.', 'Always she would tell me I was wrong no matter how I answered a question. I was not allowed to speak with members of my team or other people in the greater office.', 'I am a long-time employee with a good work record. I have a degree, my boss does not.', 'It was clear to me that my boss was intimidated by me. I tried everything to let her know that she had no reason to be intimidated.', 'New people in my department often left after 6 months. HR wanted to know why such a big turnover. Some of my co-workers told me that they could see that she was intimidated by me and said that "she knows she would be lost without you." I have been with the company for 29 years and yes, I know a lot. But I never presume to tell anyone how something should be done, I always tell them to go to my boss.', 'Eventually 7 people approached me and offered to go to HR on my behalf because most of them were formerly from my department and had experienced the same treatment as me.', 'My doctor put me on stress leave, HR had a talk with me. When I returned to work, my boss appeared to have changed. But it was all just below the surface. Now, a few years later, we are slipping into the same place we were. I am 57 years old, suffering from physical limitations and diabetes. I feel that my health has been and will be severely compromised if I let this continue.', 'I am not in a position to look for another job. I have 29 years with my employer.', "But I am very tired of all this. I don't want to give in to it, but I just need to catch a break. Sometimes I get so angry I want to sue!", "I have decided to forgive my boss for her ignorance. But I won't forget. I need to stand up for myself, but I need to do it in a controlled, non-emotional way. So I will keep records and proof. Compile a file of occurrences.", 'I will try to confront it head on - by saying " I don\'t understand your statement, please explain." or, I would appreciate it if you would not chastise me in front of my co-workers.', "But I think this will be so hard to do. I don't know if I will be able. I just want to go to work in a congenial atmosphere and do my job and go home.", 'Instead I am demeaned and belittled, isolated and discouraged. Sometimes I think "If I died, I wouldn\'t have to deal with this any more."', "I know I would never kill myself. But that's just how depressed I feel these days.", 'Powerless and depressed to illness.']
Hi there. I have recently returned to work after being signed off with depression and anxiety due to stress at work. Since my return I have had my hours shortened to help me get back into the swing of things. Since I've returned I've felt very unwelcome and felt like they are deliberately trying to get me in trouble.", 'Due to my depression I found I was unable to vent or express my feelings at work or at home and use my social networking site to display my thoughts, feelings and emotions. Yesterday someone who I have not given permission to had gone on my web page and printed off a statement I wrote and given it to my manager to deliberately get me in trouble. I was called in the office and spoken to about what I had written and asked why I had wrote it. I gave my manager the same explanation.', "I had to sign a form to basically say I was happy with the notes that had been written. I told my manager I felt unhappy and disgraced that my personal life had been delved into and been shared with others without my consent and that I don't believe it's fair that I am being penalised for having my own opinion in my own personal space. I said I believe I have the right to know who my accuser is but they refused to tell me. Nowhere is it contractually expressed or implied that I am not allowed to use social media to filter out negative thoughts or emotions in my life that are work related.", 'I have worked for this company for over three years and have never been in trouble once. I work hard and deliver good results every day. Before my depression I was the front of house coordinator but due to my depression and anxiety I had to demote myself to prevent me from having a relapse or causing more serious health issues. I have only just come off my medication but now my anxiety has started all over again and is making me feel depressed so I have had to start taking my medication again.', "With the hours I have been given I am financially finding it hard to pay for my medication and support my family. I also have a 3 and a half month old son to provide for and for my company to make my health issues re-emerge due to the way I'm being treated they are preventing me from providing for my son as I have to spend my money on my medication. When I returned home yesterday I was late and me and my wife had an argument due to the fact that she needed my help with our child and my company had prevented me from doing so. My company is not only bullying me they are affecting my physical and mental health, preventing me from supporting my family and almost causing my marriage to break down.", 'I am embarrassed, upset and down right disgraced that this so called professional business is allowed to get away with this type of behaviour. My anxiety is now at its maximum level and I am frightened of losing everything. Please help me in anyway you can. Any advice will be greatly appreciated.', 'Thank you for your time.']
Hello, I work for a largish organisation who you would think that things like this do not happen but ever since I have started my boss has made it clear that he does not want me there but I initially thought that once he has seen my work and nature he would soon relent.  I have stuck it out as I am on my own but my life has fallen to pieces and the whole office seemingly has a routine to push someone out if they do not conform etc.', 'I have a hearing aid so do not get involved in the chit chat very often but am confident to make an overture myself so decided just to go and work there and work and go home...', 'I do get very frustrated and under my breath mutter things but obviously that only invites derision as the others do not know what he has done.  He singles out someone (usually the same person) time and again to undermine me.  There is usually a sentence about me being a threat to him and they target the senior boss for praise at the same time.', 'At the beginning I thought he was being teased by the office now I know that it was deliberate ploys to isolate me and work the mobbing technique; he is unrepentant and knows what he is doing (very well actually) as I have made sure I was being proper by doing "I\'m okay, you\'re okay" although the "other" person as above is extremely good at her job and is up for playing (I tried to stop her doing it by asking her to stop but she keeps ignoring any sense of boundaries I had). So I feel I have no choice but to accept it and rise above it...', 'My life and patience is wearing thin but I do need this job as it is quite well paid and want to progress as much as I can but cannot see a way round the problem to isolate it.  I know by making friends it will solve some of it but the problem with that is I do not know how to trust as when I think am finally doing this the problem comes up again.
"What is bullying", happened to me too. When the tables get turned on you and you\'re accused of bullying the bully,  there is that moment that makes you question your actions. But that\'s a good thing. It means that you care. I was upset to think that my actions might have caused the bully pain. A bully on the other hand doesn\'t have those worries, those feelings, those thoughts. They are out to hurt you.', "Perception... yours, the bully's and who ever else is involved. The difference, it's a game for the bully. They're getting a rush out of it, truly enjoying every minute of it and planning their next move. We, on the other hand, are sick and keep getting sicker. The third party, management, who is going to come in and save the day, (don't hold your breath) is just annoyed with the lot of us and think us all a bunch of badly behaved babies and the whole thing a waste of time.", 'Sadly, my story does not have a happy ending. I am off work, off life, and on medication. Even sadder, is that I received a call shortly after my leave. A co-worker crying, seems the bully is starting a new game.']
I did start working for a retail store in 2007. I do have a hearing loss disability. I was a good employee and had no complaints about my job performance from the management. A new girl started working there around 2009. She is very young adult. She ended up being a temporary coordinator around 2010 and got the permanent coordinator job in 2011. She just got a rude immature attitude and thought she was better than me. She used to yelled and criticized me when I make a mistakes sometimes. She never yelled at the other co-workers who made mistakes too. I was feeling that she shows me no respect', "She used to complain about my job performances to the boss when I was doing my job right. The boss used to yell me and tell me that I need to show some respect. The boss always had told me that I've got a positive attitude before the new girl started working there. I was confused in why she was telling me that I got a bad attitude. I don't cuss or treat other people like crap. I am just a good person who just wants some respect at the workplace.", "I started to realize that this young girl was trying to suck up to the boss and make me look like a bad person cause she didn't like me. I was told that I talk too loud. My hearing loss can be hard for me sometimes cause I don't realize that I am yelling.  I was feeling that they didn't care about my feelings and did not show any compassion. Some people just don't understand what it like to have a hearing loss disability. I have to deal with it everyday. I was dealing with stress and burnout in the workplace. I got tired of kissing their butt cause they keep knocking me down when I tried to do the right thing. They just wasn't satisfied and want more from me.", 'I was just too stressed out and ended up quitting after working there almost 4 years. My other co-workers did like me and said that I was a good employee and team player. This young girl seemed to think that I was lazy in her opinions and just showed me no respect. I used to ask her if she had any problems with me and she would say "no." Then why did she keep knocking me down and show me no respect if she had no problems with me?', "I did wonder if this was a racial issue cause I am black and she is white. I also wonder if this was cause she didn't understand me as a person with a hearing loss disability. Everyone has told me that I was dealing with a bully who was getting a thrill in making fun of me. She cussed at me on Facebook about three weeks ago in front of other people on another person's page. I haven't talked to her since I did quit a year ago. I did find it very disrespectful and told her that she needed to grow up and show some respect.
Be aware that if you are being bullied at work and raise concerns about that or challenge bullying attitude towards yourself, that you may well find yourself facing retaliatory allegations that you are bullying others.  ', 'This happened to me after 3 years of being bullied by senior management.  I was given a new manager who was manipulated into bringing allegations of bullying against me.  ', "One of her allegations which  was brought at my disciplinary hearing was I had not expressed gratitude to her for allowances she had made for me and all the 'kindnesses' she had shown me, also that I had challenged the manner in which she spoke to me. ", 'Although  my previous concerns re senior management actions were uphold (I only raised concerns because their actions affected my job leaving me no choice but to protest) no disciplinary action was taken against those management.  But you can imagine how quickly the disciplinary machine rolled into action against me  because I bullied my manager by not expressing gratitude to her and for politely requesting she speak to me in a more polite manner.', 'Rather sadly to this day I believe that manager is convinced she was my victim and totally justified in bringing about procedures that cost me the job I had kept for 9 years and also my home of ten years.', 'Also sadly, she became a true victim when the culture she had colluded with turned on her once she had outlived her usefulness and she too was forced out for standing up to her management. ', 'The comments on here often seem to be asking the question "What is bullying?".  There are probably many  different answers, but one of the underpinning elements has to be the abuse of power, and in my book there is one thing it is not and that is standing up for yourself and not allowing bullies to bully you.', "Sorry this is so long, would be interested in anyone else's comments.
I have been working for this company for 7 years. I have been harassed by women. I have been sexually harassed  by the men. I was sexually propositioned by supervisors by coworkers; one even touched me inappropriately. I reported it and nothing ever happened. I never get a proper raise. I'm not allowed to wear skirts but everyone else can. My desk was vandalized, my rings stolen, my therapeutic chair… should I go on?", "But the way it works is you have to be a brown noser. You can't be a beautiful woman… oh let me rephrase that; you can't be single and be smart and beautiful cause you will be talked about. People will make you feel like shit and you always have to watch your back. I'm 47 years old. I stay at this job cause I love it but since I've been working here I have been diagnosed with Croehns, manic depression and now tendinitis/carpel tunnel. Do I need to say more? I have all these incidents documented but you just need to know it hurts truly bad to be bullied… Thank you for listening."]
Hi everyone. I'm just new to this forum but I was hoping for some advice. Sorry, this is a bit long winded! ", 'I was promoted last month but had to transfer to a location further away in order to accept it. I was given no other choice by our HR department. I then through a friend, contacted someone else who was in the same position as myself, as I needed a lift to this new location at least on a temporary basis. ', "My new colleague agreed which was great and so I officially accepted the position. After 2 weeks I proposed the idea of doing the car share on a longer term basis, and fully explained that she shouldn't feel obliged and I didn't mind if she said no. I also offered money for fuel of course. She then said that she had other commitments and would sometimes have to leave a bit earlier on certain occasions. I told her not to worry about that and that it would be my responsibility if she was off to get my own transport. After explaining this, she was fine with the idea. On several occasions since this, I mentioned about fuel money but she has refused to state an amount or accept money for the meantime (this was about a week ago). ", "On Wednesday I left the office for 10 minutes and when I came back she made a huge point of having to go home at a certain time because of me to another colleague, despite the fact I've told her that I'm pretty flexible. The other colleague who also passes my house the way to work now ignores me and only speaks to me to ask a work related query. It's almost like she's on the defense in case I ask her for a lift home. It appears to me that my car sharing colleague has been voicing her dislike of the arrangement to others and they in turn are belittling me. I don't know why she didn't just say it to me. I have been talking to my HR manager but it seems there is no opportunity for a transfer elsewhere and my only way out would be to demote myself. As of next week I have decided to use public transport to get to work and although it takes much longer, I would definitely prefer it to this current situation. How should I approach this issue? demotion? should I say anything to my colleagues? ", 'Thanks for reading.
I started at this company 6 years ago. It is a family run business and was bought over by a Swedish company who have high family values. I worked for an amazing boss and then the company relocated, and our division was moved to another section.  The new boss micro managed me to the point I started to get very ill and could not shake my illness and was hospitalized.', 'I wanted to lay a grievance but the HR manager that was there swept it under the carpet and said I had no leg to stand on.  I since then moved to another department and changed my career.', 'I had a wonderful boss, she left and I got a new boss he was lovely and supportive as well. He moved to another division and as we were short-staffed in the Marketing Department, they employed a Brand Manager new to the company, as my boss a young thing of 27.', "She was as sweet as pie a lovely girl, she then left and moved to another department, then it started, she started to micro manage me. Any suggestions I made was told no we can't do that it is not right for the company. I had also run the ideas past another Manager higher than her and they thought it was great and I should pursue it, I did not say she rejected it just left it because I don't want her angry as she is very aggressive to me behind closed doors when we have meetings.  When I need her help on something she is always too busy and tells me to send it to her she will look at it and comment. This is not right as I need her there to explain her thoughts and I need to explain mine so we are on the same page she refuses and then comments back to the agency behind my back and I lose that contact. She speaks over me in meetings, she talks about my project and does not allow me to speak about them in front of people she talks over me. I did have a disagreement with her the other day and challenged her as was making out that my piece that I wrote was not good enough, I tried telling her that it was actually not mine and the PR agency had written it, but because she speaks over me and does not listen to me I had to raise my voice to to get her attention.  ", 'I caught her out the other day. I mentioned something about a project that is going ahead. This project is not even in existence, she then shut me up and spoke about it as if she new everything, I felt embarrassed for her and I know it was wrong I just needed to prove a point that she is a control freak. ', "I also think she does not like me. I also have asked HR for a meeting with her. That did not go well. She lied about me in front of my face. She mentioned things that were not true; some I can prove and some I can't. I am a soft hearted person and very emotional. I said that in the meeting with HR and she harped on it. I cried and walked out as I could not sit there and listen to the lies anymore. I don't know what to do. I have to go back in with HR and her and finish the conversation. I can't believe that someone can lie to cover their backside."]
I am not sure what to call what is happening at work. I believe it is a form of bulling. There is a couple of women where I work who target someone and then start throwing the target under the bus, running to the boss if the target is a minute. Pointing out their weakness and whispering and then when the target walks in stopping.', "They also are actively trying to bring others into their little world. Luckily they haven't been successful. The rest of the employees are walking on egg shells. Because they have managed to get in with the supervisors we are afraid to approach them. So what is the solution to this?"]
I am a nursing student, going through a very tough time, being blamed for bullying when I don't think it is. I feel that we are very candid in school and tell our friends our personal stories, experiences, and info, whether related to school or not. We are tight knit, and because of that, we have more to talk about than just school all the time.", "I have a lot of stomach problems, and my stomach is constantly growling and making horrible/funny noises. I have two main friends that make fun of me all the time for it. Many other girls know of my problems, and sometimes make comments too. None of them bother me; I am very open about my problems and what goes on with my stomach and digestive processes, in hopes that it will teach them. I had a colonoscopy at a young age which the results found nothing. Then I had a video capsule endoscopy to look for a problem in my small intestine; nothing was found. None of my stomach issues have really changed or gotten better. I'm just used to them.", "Anyway, so the other two girls make fun of me for that.. I am engaged and my fiance is white. I am white, and so are my two girlfriends. One of them is in a serious relationship with a black guy, and the other dates only mexican or black guys. Personal choices, right? I dated different races before I found my guy, but I'm happy now. They are too. That's all that matters, right? We make fun of each other though for those things. What's wrong with a little teasing? Obviously if they were to ever cross the line with teasing me, I'd tell them, and vice versa.", 'My issue is that Sharon and myself were making fun of Lisa *names have been changed* on a popular social networking site. We were commenting back and forth, trying to get a rise out of her. Lisa even chimed in herself and fired her comments back at us.', "So some unknown person at school saw this and tattled on us. They think we were being racist and the school is throwing the book at us. It was an inside joke, between FRIENDS. Please help me because I don't even know what to do. I feel like I'm being bullied by the school. I'm accepting my punishment, but still don't think it's fair because they didn't even listen to us when we had to sit down and talk to the higher-ups. I feel so helpless...
I complained sexual harassment to HR at a harassment resolution meeting in 2010. After the meeting HR did not respond nor investigated (at least not kept me informed of any investigation). After a specified period of time for responding passed, based on company policy, I had a mental breakdown, was hospitalized twice and went on sick leave. After my many requests, HR provided the 2010 meeting minutes in 2012/01, almost 2 years later. ', 'Came with the meeting minutes, I found HR said it was not investigated because I was on sick leave. And now I am risking losing my job. Is this a fair way to treat a mentally injured and disabled employee? If I have made myself available for responding to investigation questions and provided all the information they needed to start with, but became mentally injured (due to negligent and delayed investigation), do I deserve this kind of treatment of no investigation of my complaint of being sexually harassed? ', 'J.T. in Toronto
Hello, I am based in Australia. I believe I have been the target of mobbing as a mature age student in a university environment. A small part of the bullying transferred to my workplace (I worked in a different department for the same university for a short time), but the bulk of it originated while I was a student studying a mental health discipline, and continues to this day, despite me leaving the university and my job to put some distance between me and the mobbers. Furthermore, it is my belief that the mobbers included mental health professionals, academic lecturers from a mental health discipline, and other university staff.', "I have filed a formal complaint with the university, but am waiting to hear the outcome of this. I am trying to seek support from a wider spectrum, from people who hopefully are not part of the mobbers' network. My life has been reduced, I am no longer working or studying, and find it easier to stay home than to go out into situations in which the bullies continue to antagonize me. I feel a huge burden of trauma that I don't know how to deal with.", "It is my belief that a lot of the 'professional' help I have received so far (for depression and anxiety, much of which resulted from the bullying) has been undermined and compromised by the bullies, who come from a powerful group. Furthermore, it is my belief that they have spread malicious rumours about me to my friends and family, who have believed these people due to their professional status. I feel that everyone I know is now inevitably thinking about and looking out for any behaviour I exhibit that matches the rumours.", "It is all very isolating and I feel quite desperate about how to regain any semblance of my old, pre-mobbed life. Or maybe that is too much to hope for? People will always look at me that way now. I don't know how to find legitimate support in Australia. Any advice gratefully received.", 'Thanks']
I have worked for this company for 2 1/2 years, my first mistake was making a complaint about abusive unprofessional behaviour from the boss. From then on I was a target for him, his snitch and many others including service users who had walk on parts in the humiliation and abuse directed at me.', 'After accessing this site and ', ' I took sick leave to preserve what little remained of my mental health. I found the Quiet Genocide of Workplace Mobbing particularly applied to me and followed the advice to get out of the abusive environment I was in.', "After being referred to Occupational Health by my employers I followed their advice and started a course of medication. I was off for 3 months because my bosses did not follow the recommendations from O/Health. I returned to work in September last year and had a lot of annual leave to take. A new senior was in post who took over my supervision and things improved, he has been temporarily moved to another project and my boss is now up to his old tricks. I'm so much stronger now and can stand up to this person and laugh at his pathetic attempts to hurt and isolate me within the team. Our organisation is up for tender I hope it goes to another provider and this will split up the clique. My fears have kept me in this job but I'm actively looking for something else, this is my worst experience of employment to date.", 'Advice to others get out of abusive environments and away from energy vampires, use this site and others like it to arm yourself with skills and strategies to protect yourself and document everything that happens.', 'Good luck to all who suffer at the hands of snakes in suits and skirts I wish you joy and freedom from oppression.', 'Astara ', 'xxx
Why are people in HR and supervisors getting paid the kind of money they are making for doing nothing? How would you deal with this?', "A co-worker assaults another co-worker. There is a witness. There is an admittance of guilt by the assaulter, with reasons of harassment. No investigation, no interviews, no need for finding out the truth. In fact HR doesn't even bother to come out on the floor for any of this or contact the person who made the complaint.", 'In the end, the rug comes out and all is swept away. The victim left in shock and forced to work with the assaulter or lose the job.', 'This is Canada right? Where we hear and watch commercials on bullying, where we have posters up and work place talks about violence and bullying, TV talk shows, radio shows...', "It's just that folks, just talk. Talk given by our government, by our employer, by our unions, and we financially support all of them for doing nothing.
Many students are attempting to take Dr. Rosenberg for public speaking. It is well known that all his courses are immediately filled and at best you can only get in with a special permission number. He rates 4.9 on ratemyprofssor out of a 5.0 and after 24 yrs of teaching as a part time lecturer he is getting the RU screw.', 'Because he is outspoken and does not grade harshly, he has been harassed and bullied by members of the communication Department and he will probably not be teaching at RU again. Suggest you call the communications office if you wish to take public speaking and say you want to take him as an instructor. As students, we must take actions that best suit our academic interest.', "Dr. Rosenberg will make sure we learn the hands on practical tools for public speaking and has refused to be bogged down with the trivial problems that has plagued academia. Despite service to this university for the past two decades, Dr. Rosenberg's treatment by the department has been appalling. Several students even heard a Dean's verbal assault on Dr. Rosenberg during a meeting.", "Dr.Rosenberg's insistence on evaluating students based on their individual academic merit as opposed to an subjective departmental curve is in our best interest. Dr. Rosenberg individually caters to the needs of each student and has an unwavering commitment to the success of those he teaches. We must take a stand and let our voices be heard. If we cannot take Dr. Rosenberg as a teacher, we will collectively refuse to take the Public Speaking course.", 'Concerned Students
I've been employed at a Big Box Co for about 2 yrs. It's certainly not my dream job (a filler 'til something better comes along) which I'm in the process of doing now. Anyway, I've had bad vibes and experiences right from the getgo but had no idea how truly vicious an environment it could be.", "So here's a few examples of how I've been targeted thus far.", 'As I said, it was rotten right from the beginning. 1st day a supervisor verbally ripped my head off for apparently getting in the way. Yep. I was asked to shadow a seasoned employee (just to get a feel of the place) and when she messed up I got the blame!!! What a welcoming!', "Next day I was finally in my hired Dept. The manager was militant, rude and not overly friendly. That's OK because I was there to work, however, I soon noticed she was trying to get me to do managerial duties, basically... her work! I wasn't trying to be difficult, I was hired to perform certain tasks, just not her tasks... which I left alone. She was not happy. ", "As time went on I noticed different managers in my area were all trying to throw their weight around. All had huge ego's and would take turns treating newbies like crap. I actually saw one manager wink to one of her cronies (as they were both leaving) then loudly boast about all the work she left in her dept for me. ", "It wasn't only managers who were problematic. One older employee befriended me early on. Took me under her wing so to speak. She seemed very kind, helpful etc but once I was there for awhile (not to boast but I'm a pretty hard worker, reliable etc) she changed. As soon as I'd get on the floor she'd start insulting me (in a joking sort of way) in front of my co workers. This went on for awhile until one day while struggling with my switchboard phone she came over, smacked my arm then grabbed the phone out of my hand, so she could do it right. Well, I told her to never hit my arm again and she better watch her mouth because she was really starting to cross the line with her remarks... ex asking if I slept with the boss because I had xmas eve off. Sorry, I don't find stuff like that funny especially since I'm married.", 'Lastly, a new Dept Manager came on the scene. She is a noted bully who likes to push everyone\'s buttons. I had a few run-in\'s with her but nothing too serious. That is until she asked if I\'d like to cover some of her shifts. I declined and one night while on the floor working she sneaked up behind me and scared the living daylights out of me. I told her not to do that because I was trying to work. Well, another evening she did the same thing. Again, I told her to stop and proceeded to ask if she had nothing better to do. She backed off for awhile but a few nights later while assisting a customer she walked passed me and smacked my arm, hard! It was so premeditated. I was livid and excused myself from my customer, walked over and confronted her. I asked why she did that. Her response, "I just wanted to let you know I was there!!!" I told her (like I told the other psycho) to keep her hands to herself. Just recently she came within earshot and started banging 2 rods together. When I ignored her she banged them louder just to see if I\'d respond. Clearly, this woman is mentally unstable and was reported on before. But guess what? Nothing was done. Her BFF shoved a young employee into a heavy rack. Again, no response. Which is why there\'s no point in reporting any of this torment because HR doesn\'t take any of it serious. In fact, my last boss laughed such claims off.', "So there you have it. It's either sink or swim I guess. If I don't find a new job soon I'll have to quit. I've had enough!"]
For several years, I have been "targeted" as the one to exclude, to gossip about, or to just basically lay all the blame.  Now we have a new person who feels it is okay to start work product rumors with others in the office and to try to build her group of supporters by using these rumors or making things up.  A near "family" relationship I had with a coworker was totally destroyed by this woman after more than 20 years.', 'Lately she has resorted to flipping me off in a way that if I call her out on it, it is my word against hers, even though we all sit in the same large room.  When I reported it to my supervisor, we were to sit and talk about it.  During this "discussion" (and I use the term loosely), I told the supervisor that every time I laugh at someone on the phone or an e-mail, or my phone rings or any sort of noise comes out of my area, she glares at me letting me know of her displeasure.  I told her that she does not have the right to control my behavior and if she wants to worry about the little noises I make and only my noises, then it is harassment and unacceptable.', 'So the end response was that she did not see the bad behavior so it must not have happened.  This employee said I need to apologize to everyone in the room because I yawn too loud.  I was shocked.  Really?  I yawn too loud?  The woman who sits about 15 feet from my desk has her headphones on so loud, I can hear them over the radio that is inches from my face.  That same woman has the loudest laugh and if she leaves her cell phone on the desk, it rings repeatedly, no less than 5 times for each time this person tries to call her.  But I yawn too loud.  This same person suddenly had issue with me yawning after the meeting, even though the supervisor said it is not to leave that office.', "So now I am, 30+ years of service with this place about to walk out the door because I can't stand it any more.  It hurts me and I'm tired of it.  And because the boss didn't see it happen, it didn't happen... I don't make things up about people!  And I did get flipped off TWICE.  And the gossip continues and the abuse continues and the bullying continues... and now that she has gotten away with it, it is going to get worse.  What do I do now?
I work for a very small business where the only other people in the office are the owner, her daughter, and one other employee. We live in a small town in Texas, and although I have found some wonderful open minded friends, there are a lot of racist and homophobic people in our area who are not ashamed to admit it.', 'I have been at this job for about a year now, and I have found that the people I work with consider themselves fundamentalist Christians. I am an atheist, and religion is brought up almost every day. I try to keep quiet when it comes up, because I feel that I would lose my job if I came out as an atheist to my boss.', "I have heard racist comments in the office from time to time, and I want to speak up and argue, but I don't know how to do that with the person who hands me my paycheck every week. I am white, so they just assume I won't find it offensive, but this ignorance still makes me very sad to have to hear day to day at work.", 'Last week I almost walked out of my job, which I am in no financial position to do.', 'I am engaged, and two of my very best gay friends are going to be standing on my side of the wedding, bridesmen, if you will. I have talked about this detail of my wedding at work, and talked about having many gay friends and family members.', 'A homosexual customer came into the office one day, and after he left, the boss and her daughter began talking about how disgusting they find homosexuality. The daughter said that she had raised her son to punch any man that he felt was gay and attracted to him, and they were just really trashing homosexuals.', 'I was so angry I was shaking. This topic came up twice throughout the day.', "I feel like a coward for not standing up for the people I love who are gay. If I were in any situation other than the work place, I would have spoken up. I just can't lose my job right now.", "I'm afraid this is something that may continue to come up at work. How can I go to work and hear this viciousness about people I love, and not be able to take up for them?
I am a 6 year veteran with a federal agency. I have attained stellar work performance reviews. I receive annual bonuses for performance. I am punctual. While conservative, I am courteous to those around me.  I am the target of workplace bullying and mobbing.', 'The trigger was my complaint to management that my coworker who sits next to me (divider between us) sings during the day loudly and plays her radio.  We are on the phone all day listening to client information. She has done this for the year that she has sat next to me. She bangs on her desk when I am in the middle of conversation so as to preoccupy my concentration.  She cross-talks with her next door neighbor loudly, boisterously with no regard to the noise level. I complained because her noise is making it difficult for me to focus on the technical accuracies of my calls.  It is a critical element to 100% accurate work performance in my job.', 'After I complained over a year ago, this coworker began to systematically harass me in many ways, colluding with her neighbors that she did not like having me on her team, back-stabbing me, isolating me from events she would plan, approaching me in the corridor when no one was around with aggressive and hostile body language.  In essence, this woman was retaliating for my complaint to management about her singing and radio.', 'Lately, this coworker has gotten more overtly aggressive, making derogatory comments about my performance in the midst of many other coworkers, calling me derogatory names in public ("dizzy broad"), calling me a liar.  We had an altercation last Friday where she accused me of an action that was a fabrication. We were both called into the manager\'s office to resolve the issue.  She insulted me numerous times and she threatened my job, saying, "You are on your last legs here, believe me, you are on your last legs."', 'Management has been supportive and offered to move me to anther workstation.  I declined because that will not prevent this woman from successfully bullying another person.  The mobbing has occurred with 2 other coworkers on my team.  She has turned them against me to the point that they also approach me with aggressive negative body language, or engage in conversation with me so as to inspire a negative response from me, so that the mobbing will appear justified.', 'This type of behavior escalates when management does not know how to manage the hostile employee. The coworker has been there for 15 years and from what I have heard, she has had numerous complaints reported to management about her singing and radio during work hours, and also her uncontrollable temper. She has been spoken to by management. Yet she continues with the poor work behavior and temper tantrums. Management must embrace the fact that workplace mobbing and bullying is commonplace nowadays and they must get training on conflict resolution as soon as possible in order to quell the aggression before it escalates into what I am experiencing. Bullies are only as powerful as the vacuum allows them to be. Eliminate the vacuum, the bully has no authority to continue the bad behavior.
Dr. Rosenberg Speaks Out. The Teacher Who Cares. The Rosenberg Revolution. Share With Others.   Regarding Rutgers', '
It happened in a hospital in the USA. I\'m an RN, educated in the USA, graduated being already 42 years old. I have been working in the profession for almost 5 years on many different contracts in very hostile, chaotic hospital settings. My RN license has never been in trouble and there have never been complaints about my performance. I have "been safe, no harm " - nurse. However, being the only one with an eastern-european accent, each time I\'m in a new environment it is never easy in my profession to have an accent. I become a target in nursing groups wherever I go. I\'m that one who takes blame and never gets a chance to speak up because of being alone and different. Nurses and managers were frequently very hostile to me, treating me different than others with harsh discipline, making my working day very stressful, with the hope that I will not survive and quit.', "It was one day before Thanksgiving and all nurses were planning to have an easy shift with minimum effort with no complicated patients. Someone had to do the hard work. The Nurse in Charge assigned all easy patients to her friends, well known nurses, providing them a lot of extra help. We were short of staff assistance. The Nurse in Charge made decisions so helpers and resources were taken away from me, assigning them to other nurses, so they will have easy shifts and will go home on time and not tired. I got an irrational assignment — 5 patients with some admits and discharges. I was sending patients to procedures, admitting them back, monitoring. One, a stroke patient, needed a sitter to stay by them. My charge nurse took the sitter away from him and assigned them to another patient who was in much better condition and didn't need a sitter — but his nurse didn't want any effort and monitoring. One of my patients was taken from their room with a bed and placed in the hallway! Because another nurse wanted her two patients in the same room — so it would be easier for her.", 'No one even notified me. Why? My patient was not able to speak for himself and needed a decreased stimuli environment because he was a stroke patient, but my Charge Nurse placed him in the hallway, waiting for the empty bed. I needed power for an IV infusion and to elevate the head of the bed. It was "temporarily impossible." The House Supervisor was notified and showed up… but it only caused more hostile behavior toward me form the other nurses in the future.', "Any possible problem was created for my patients, which affected my performance and of course made it look like I was providing poor quality care. The orders were not entered by the Unit Clerk and patient's charts were held under her desk - so they hoped I will fail to follow up with care. (I found out later.)", 'I had a patient who was a very needy, young male without developed extremities… so I had to assist with feeding, grooming, toileting, cleaning, personal care and multiple tasks, responding to call lights… since there were no CNAs for me. I had to transfer this male on my own by Hoyer Lift in front his family and had to prepare him for discharge. I had to make multiple phone calls to clarify the orders for discharge. I had to find the Hoyer Lift in an unknown unit. I have been running via hallways in a hurry, tired, almost short of breath — while the others were chatting and having breaks and eating well. I had been responding to call lights frequently and nurses had been calling my name, knowing well I was busy.', "By then it was dinner time. I had been working from 0700 am without any breaks, with cruel nurses all around. It reminded me of a work camp, a kind of slavery. I haven't eaten anything, I had no fluid, I was not able to go to the washroom. I never got free time for lunch or dinner or any break because my patients always had some extra work or transfer to be done.", 'Before the end of the shift I was asked on the side by one male nurse. He was also new in this area, just like me. He was the only one who tried to help me with transferring and heavy work. Nurses didn\'t like when he was helping me, so he was communicating with me very discreetly. He provided me with hospital\'s deodorant and spoke in a quiet and shy voice… "Take this, the Nurse In Charge, the Unit Clerk and nurses keep saying you smell."', "Wow, I was grateful for this feedback. Thank you — yes! Thank you, I will use this… Yes, all day I'm running around, no food, no fluid, no chance to use the washroom for almost 12 hours… performing all kinds of tasks (many of them unsanitary), of course I will stink!", 'Soon the Charge Nurse is calling my name.', '"RN you have a new admit from ICU." How many more today, I was thinking… Yes, I said, let me say something now, another new admit?! Yes, how about if I take a break like you took and refresh myself? How about if I go to BR? How about if I eat something? (I was 116 lb) I smell? Don\'t I??? Let me refresh myself.', 'The Charge Nurse spoke "Are you refusing a new admit?" Okay. I left, to another room (but in reality I still didn\'t leave yet. While waiting behind the door, I heard the conversation: The Charge Nurse and Unit Clerk are now giving a bad time to the male nurse who provided me with the deodorant and the reason for it "Why did you tell her — why??" Now you will take her admit!', "It was almost the end of the shift and he got my admit. I was in trouble for speaking up. The next day was my Thanksgiving!! Thank you God?? Why such cruel behavior from nurse to nurse? Why so much hostility directed toward me? What have I done?… except I'm an immigrant, the RN who got educated in the USA, paying loans, trying to live within my means, trying to start a retirement plan after 40 years old!", 'Soon more false accusations were made, more false stories were told to my managers I had no chance to clarify and I got terminated. No reason was listed. I was forced to sign some "blank paper".', 'I never defended myself, like I never do in similar situations. I got used to this type of harassment. It is expected no matter where I go.', 'Always something will be done, hostile behavior, shouting at me, false accusations — and sooner or later I will be terminated. There is a law, in reality "no law at all for the poor and immigrants like me." "The employer can do anything" I was told by a local lawyer. There are no unions for nurses, no organizations to protect some good nurses who are disappearing in silence. There is no one to speak up to. This type of health management reminds me of times of tyranny.
I am trying to move on after losing my job of 21 years to mobbing. It was the dirtiest, cruelest experience I have ever experienced. It was unbelievable. They tried to fire a psychopath, evil, bully coworker and she literally came after me. (scapegoating?) Before I knew it she had somehow convinced my coworkers and bosses that I was a horrible monster and needed to go when in actuality, I raised the bar and they didn't want it raised; I was a 'threat' to them. She is a low performing, deceptive employee. Their plan to get me fired began. I told HR that it was intimidating because I could tell they were plotting to get me fired and HR told me it was in my head yet it happened 1 year 6 days of hell later.", "There was lies, deception, sabotage, subtle and subliminal harassment by my entire group. They started leaving me out of pertinent info - I could see exactly what they were doing and I could not believe it was happening. Every time I tried to tell mgmt it was happening, I got 'it's in your head' and 'it's not happening' yet management was involved too. It was totally out of my control, they were setting me up left and right, planted their fabricated lists of horrible performance in my file without my knowledge and my HR visit file made me out to look like a troublemaker - Serious defamation. I tried reporting it to outside sources but the director convinced them it was not happening and that I was a poor performer anyhow - which was not the case at all. Those reports got me closer to the back door. Harassment got so bad that the director had IT cut off my server connection right as the psychopath coworker requested asap survey needing connection to that server.", "I called my former director and told him that I cannot endure this stress anymore. I told him about them shutting off my server connection and that they were intentionally crashing my databases and my reports of it to management went nowhere. Since management was behind it - basically anybody in my dept was allowed to do anything they wanted and they did and it brought them together, teamwork at it's finest. I was fired the next day for calling former director (RETALIATION!!!!).", "Even though I was mentally and physically exhausted, and in spite of the threats I got from the psychopath not to sue, I was driven to try to get some legal recourse after I was fired because I had no control of what was happening to me while I had my job. Since the director had so much hatred towards me (superior bully) and she was guilty of participating in mobbing and fighting for her job, she had their lawyer lie to mine and of course is saying it wasnt retaliation. She said I was being disruptive saying that my reports of crashing databases were investigated and dismissed (LIE) and so that call to director was disruptive... HAHA!@#$ So they say there is no liability. (This mob stole my job that I loved, my pension and my dignity!) So essentially she's claiming my call was disruptive yet it directly followed her having IT cut off my server connection!! Letting coworkers sabotage things all year to frame me is okay?? The only justice I got is I think my lawyer's letter sent to Corporate at least got the director and psychopath in trouble and hopefully fired.", "The director thought she was above the law and my psychopathic coworker was a bad virus to the company - it got way out of control!... It bothers me that I think they did manage to convince the company that I had performance issues when I was a much better performer than them… it's called ENVY. I had no control over what they were framing on me... After being a great, non-confrontational hard working employee for 21 years, I got brutally fired for disruptive behavior for reporting their misconduct and received my cubicle belongings in toilet paper boxes!!!! (that's the mentality I was up against for a year…)", 'The company has fired a good employee and the sabotagers still have their employment -unbelievable... They will get theirs someday - I refuse to let their disgustingly evil acts destroy me… I do not know how they look in the mirror each day... I WILL move on and will not work with that mentality ever again.
I worked at an after school club as a playworker and it was a really nice place to work. The manager started a new woman and immediately she started isolating me and another co-worker and just spoke to the manager. She followed the manager round all afternoon and was controlling and aggressive.  She got all her own way in how the club was run and it felt like she was running it.', "I complained to the manager twice who dismissed me as though I was making a fuss about nothing.  Eventually my co-worker changed her hours so she didn't have to work with her and me and another girl resigned. Soon after the manager went on long term sick. It was the best decision I ever made as I felt loads better out of that toxic environment and even managed to get another job soon after at another school. I have never worked with a more controlling and manipulative person and hope to never again.
I've been with the Feds for 14 years (including 4 years in the military).  In my first 4 years with my current agency I received Sustained Superior Performance Wards TWICE. Coming out to the field office five years ago, it was clear from day one these folks didn't want me here.", "Recently my boss has joined the mob of 15. My boss blames me for the issues I'm trying to deal with. When I first brought it to him, he did nothing! Over the last several years it has gotten so bad my depression, panic attacks, service connected disability and PTSD has taken over my life. I don't sleep. My wife and small child are victims. I have nowhere to turn.", "I've spoken with an attorney who specializes in Fed Employment Law. She said I have nothing actionable. I cannot quit or find a another job. I NEED HELP!! I'm afraid to contact EEOC or my department. What should I do? Thinking of contacting the ACLU.  I read somewhere that 35% of all employees are bullied.
I am a teacher in a small community school. I have 3 new teammates this year and I am the only one who has taught this grade level previously. One of the teachers on my grade level has been bullying me since we began the school year. I finally filed an official complaint and now am waiting to see if it stops.', "I felt criticized by the administration for filing the complaint, I don't think they want to be bothered. What is unfortunate is that she has also bullied students and the parents of these students don't have the economic or social means to stand up to the teacher. This teacher had a student last year that was stealing food from her. Rather than handle the student (7 years old) in a professional manner, the teacher went out and bought bags of candy and smeared them in honey and set them around her room so she would have proof that the little girl was stealing from her. Of course, the girl took the candy and the teacher bragged of her victory. Really, entrapment of a seven year old is sickening.", "I had one meeting with her where she said she didn't answer my emails because she reads them and forgets. When I suggested to my administration there should be a reasonable expectation that she respond to me just as I think they have a reasonable expectation I answer the administration's email, they said that maybe they just forget. Really?? My grade level doesn't come to recess with me so I am down in this valley which lines up next to a street by myself with the kids. I told the administration that it was punishing the kids so they finally made all the teachers go at the same time. (3 months later.)", 'This teacher\'s biggest problem is that she is hostile towards me all the time because she doesn\'t think she needs to ask for help, that it should just be provided to her by me. I told her I would be happy to help her with her plans if I knew what she needed help with. She still cannot articulate what she needs help with so instead she will walk by and not say hello when I speak to her, she has thrown stuff at me without even acknowledging me and refers to me "that one" to my co-workers.', 'Four good families from our school left our school after their children had been in her class and still nothing has been done. I can understand why people have problems with a teacher keeping her job when she has no business teaching children.
Started working for this company in June 2011, it was all good at first enjoyed working there, left the job I had as weekend staff in a great company to start in this one full time.', "After a couple of months, a girl I worked with the same age as me was made a manager which wasn't a problem until she got extremely bossy, of course this was her job to be my boss, but when she became extremely obnoxious and angry, she said she was having problems outside of work, but does that mean it is okay to scream, shout and swear at me and my other colleagues.", "Another member of staff put a complaint in about this girl, were nothing was done about it she was just labelled a trouble maker for complaining, this then made me feel really awkward about putting a complaint in myself, I decided to put a complaint in when after my holiday I came back and was working with this girl and a new member of staff I only met this day, the manager (the girl) started being strange, she told this boy to go on my till, even though its not allowed 'cause if he made a mistake on his first day it would be my fault and in my name, then she mocked me for not knowing how to do something on the computer tills, by saying I was thick, then she persisted to laugh and joke at my expense.", 'When I went on my break she put a sign on my till saying that I "stink" which made me really unhappy when I got back to work. I then decided it was time to make a complaint, which I did, nothing really happened about my complaint, we both got moved out of the shop and put in different ones, she was put around the corner from where she lives an I was put miles away from were I live, I lost my holidays I had booked and I also had to work 12 hour shifts without a break that I didn\'t sign up for so therefore I feel I lost out because I made a complaint.', "The new shop was okay that I moved to apart from the fact I had to pay for 2 buses to get to work and 2 buses or a taxi home between half 9 and 10 pm and couldn't really afford it. I carried on with work and enjoyed the new shop, there was a boy there that kept asking me what customers I would have sex with and if I would do it for money, this was a joke between us at first until he started to pressure me for answers, when I told him to stop he wouldn't and then got other people to join in and ask me, he went as far as to ring other shops and get them to ring and ask me. I felt really uncomfortable but didn't make a formal complaint as I didn't want to look like a trouble maker so I asked for a move to a different shop closer to home, which I could afford to get to.", 'When the company bought another company and put the word out that there was going to be move arounds within the staff, I asked if I could move. I gave them options of shops I would go to that would be easy to get to, they moved me to a shop that was further away from the other shop, when I started in the new shop I introduced myself to the new manager who then said I\'ve heard a few things about you. I was intrigued to know what he had heard so I asked him. He then told me that my area supervisor had informed him that I will cause a lot of trouble there and that I am forever wearing short skirts that are more like a belt. this information has gotten around the staff and now wherever I go I\'m always going to be labelled the "slag" that wears shorts skirts.', "I don't know what to do as I don't feel comfortable going to work. I'm having ", ' were I wake up crying and screaming because I am stressed out, the person that I am meant to go to for support and help is spreading rumours about me, and I will now never get a fresh start in this company... someone please give me advise?
I had to start working at an early age because my mom left me home alone with no food or money. I got a job in an Italian restaurant at the age of fifteen. I worked there full time for two years and that was an experience enough being harassed by the owner and cheated out of money. Then I got a job across the street, a chain restaurant so I figured I'd be treated with respect... I was wrong.", "At first it was like a revelation, I had a good team and my manager's treated me like a professional and gave me pay raises so I was happy at one point. Then months later my general manager left and we got a new general manager. He was very by the book, but after my first job I can handle any type so he didn't intimidate me. He was always nice to me, giving me high fives, promoting me, etc. Then a few weeks ago he got in trouble by a corporate official and so instead of being a good leader and working through it he decided to take out his frustration on me and other workers.", 'I am always smiling at work because it makes me feel good that I\'m working so diligently at such a young age so I feel happy most of the time well my boss did NOT WANT ME SMILING ON THAT THURSDAY. He pointed at me from across the restaurant, and I still had my coat on and everything and I just walked over and he said, "Don\'t smile I\'m not happy with you." Snappy as hell too, so great way to start a shift!', 'He then had the Assistant Manager come with us not to his office but to the dining room where guests could hear everything. His unhappiness came from the previous night I worked apparently there was A PIECE OF PAPER left underneath and rats make nests out of paper. I said "Sorry It\'ll never happen again." Later that night my apron came loose suddenly, he yells, "Either gain five pounds or retie that apron!" So now he was criticizing my petite size which I cannot help.', "For the grand finale today he was mad because a grain of salt was on the counter and that was my side work for the previous night and then he took away my shift for that Thursday. I don't know what to do I'm afraid if I go to corporate I'll lose my job.
Good day. After long internal debating and searching for this tool I've decided to ask for advice.", 'Presently I cannot concentrate at work, really I’m doing nothing – I get myself to do anything, I surf the internet for help for my current work situation.', 'I lodged a grievance against my manager for bullying and creating a hostile work environment a few weeks ago. I thought it would get better but their subtle unnoticeable advances with tact have left me in mental stitches.', 'I have been put off work for two weeks in November for a stress related disorder - given tranquilisers and prior to that with stomach problems and easily prone to flu. ', 'My manager has been spoken to but she continues being rude (not the normal kind - the subtle – you hear them talking but you can’t say anything – it will be denied, sneaky type – talks about you to other people – content that’s not professional. ', "I’m a good character identifier and keep out of her way, noticing she doesn’t like me that much. I tried to make things better by buying her a gift, and just doing what she says. This does not feel enough, it's almost that I’m not wanted they cannot stand me – them in their 40’s me in my late 20’s.", 'Even after the grievance she shouted at me - which I didn’t complain again since the process has failed me and the intervention decisions that was taken has not been implemented two months after the grievance hearing. No one I complained to has really sat down with me – especially not my direct manager nor her boss – my appraisal meeting after the grievance – I just sat there and gave myself the lowest score – when they asked me why I said and thought that this is what you implied in the grievance meeting so who am I to question you.', 'Mobbing has continued from my manager and the second in charge - strange enough not a word gets spoken to me but then stories are presented about me being a trouble maker in my department. ', 'I feel I can’t think straight, my relationships did go under, my self-worth and even beliefs have been attacked by people who don’t know me.', "Again the bullying is not verbal in your face or physical (not anymore) - it's very subtle but with detrimental effect on my health.", "I walk in just at 08:00 and leave at exactly 16:30 nothing more - and sitting behind my desk feels like chaos, I dig my head in the sand. I've been set up to fail, bullied, lied on, name slandered, and accused wrongly. I feel one day I can do this and then three days I can’t even think behind my desk. I have one day rage and the other powerlessness.", 'How do I come back if I’m not expected to come back or not wanted?', "Why drug myself with tablets “because of people who are just rude but seen as strong personalities” - who just echo's the stereotypical – “don’t take it personal” - Well if you are planning for me to leave or making things so unbearable that I do leave - it affects my personal life – that is personal. ", 'How do you work with people who don’t want you there and pretend to other people they have no clue what you are talking about – the gossip, the setting up to fail, the unfair treatment.', 'I just go home, switch on the TV and try to forget until tomorrow – I don’t drink or smoke but really feel the urge to just escape the reality of work. ', 'I WONDER WILL THESE PEOPLE EVER GET OVER IT IF THEIR BOSSES WERE THEY WERE WITH US, OR IF THEIR CHILDREN GET BULLIED IN THE WORKPLACE ONE DAY - WILL THEY EVER THINK BACK AND SAY HEY - "I\'M SORRY"?
Worked on a project for about a year, I had a total of 5 managers within that time. Place was unorganized. Anyway, the last supervisor was over the top. When he came, he tried to create an instant bond with me, he was super friendly and super caring. However, I did not let him in. I saw who he really was. He then tried to intimidate me, by telling me that he wants to me come to his office every morning to say good morning to him. I basically told him to kick rocks.', "He then told me that he's not afraid of me. To make a long story short... he could not scratch without someone doing it for me. He was totally helpless. I called out sick one day, the next day I went to work, he was pissed that I did not come in. He sent an e-mail demanding to know the cause of my illness and the reason I did not participate in the meeting even though I called in sick. WTF! I replied to the email and told him I took a sick day that's why I did not participate. He did not like my response.", "At the end of the day, my contracting company fired me for no reason. I did not bother to investigate, my reasons being, if they are going to believe what he said about me without giving me a chance to defend myself, then they are on the same level as he his. Therefore, it was best to cut my losses and move on. I am glad that I did not get entangled with this asshole because I saw his true nature right away. So nothing was a surprise to me. I believe he fired me to have one of his friends get my job. Oh well, that friendship will not last too long once they see how needy and off the wall he is. That's karma in action, for the person who took my job.
I work in an incredibly busy, stressful, under-staffed Pre-School. My boss is very hostile and unsupportive when anyone calls in sick, and the rest of my colleagues always have some nasty comments to make. Unless you're super woman, they are hostile.", "I've recently been signed off work for one week, then a further week due to snapped ligaments in my foot. Initially, work were relatively polite about my situation and didn't give me too much trouble about it. When I was signed off for a second week, my colleagues have been very hostile and icy to me over the phone, (my manager and deputy manager) I feel under a lot of pressure to come back to work, because of the way they're making me feel. I now feel anxious about going back to work, especially after my only friend at work told me she has 'overheard a lot of conversations' about me. ", "I am aware that Thursdays are our busiest day of the week, and highly stressful. A member of staff is off that day due to it being her birthday, leaving only one, unqualified member of staff. To save my company staffing problems, I offered to come into work for just Thursday (against my doctor's recommendations) to help out. ", "As I can't drive because of my bad foot, I explained that I cannot afford taxis both ways as they are so expensive, I also explained how it would take me a long time to get there using public transport and as I am on crutches, it would be very difficult and painful for me. I suggested another member of staff could give me a lift, and as that person is unavailable, I have no other way of getting into work.", "In not so many words, they effectively told me to 'not bother' and were very hostile and rude to me over the phone. ", "I work very hard for that company, I usually work 50 hours a week, for terrible pay… and to be honest, I go above and beyond what's asked of me. I feel that I an not valued. I don't want to go back. ", 'Does anyone have any advice?
I started my new job in September, although I had been working voluntarily and in a different role within the organisation for roughly a year. I love my job, but my team ignore me, and exclude me, when I do raise concerns or questions I am often ignored or treated with a hostile "what would you know" sort of reaction. I am studying too and my team do not support me at all in this in fact they go out of their way to make it difficult for me.', "When I am due to take part in something away from the room I work in but for the same organisation, they go out of their way to make me late. They also belittle me in front of the managers as they know I am valued for the work I do. I really am at my whits end and don't know what I can do about their behaviour. When I try and confront them they say nothing is wrong, but I have overheard them stating otherwise. Please help!"]
My heart goes out to each and everyone of you. I was there, the situation was so bad that I eventually walked out of work one afternoon and went home. I had spoken with the general manager on a number of previous occasion about what had been going on. My supervisor at that time had taken it upon herself to make my life miserable at work. I had been accused of not doing my job properly, seen a reduction in my responsibilities, been belittled in front of others. Over the years, we had seen a number of people leave on account of her.', "The day I walked out, I went home and spent a few hours contemplating what to do next, since I was not in the position to give up work entirely. I decided to go and see my doctor. It was the best decision I had made in a long time. He was incredibly compassionate and empathetic. I was given a sick cert for work citing 'work related stress'. His advice was invaluable, I was told that I was not to return to work until the matter had been properly resolved. Five weeks later and two three hour meetings, I returned to work. The situation was marginally better but at least there were steps implemented to have a type of protocol for any further problems.", 'I was afraid that when I returned I would be laughed at or perhaps ignored by others. Thankfully, this was not the case. Most people who were aware of what was going on were very supportive and understanding.', 'Between the jigs and the reels, I have since chosen to avail of redundancy. I felt that even though the management were understanding and supportive, there was little that they could actually do. However, should this individual engage in this type of behavior again, at least management will now have a long enough paper trail and be able to actually get rid of her, should they so wish.', 'Having been given the courage and support by my doctor to stand up for myself, my world has changed completely. I have regained my self esteem and optimism, I made a number of changes in my own personal life so as to protect myself in future from people such as her. I have begun volunteering and have become far more active in my community. This has helped me immensely, I have meet a lot of fantastic people. And most importantly, I am happy. So much so, that it has actually been commented on by others.', 'I suppose most people would view me as worse off. I am now unemployed in the back drop of a massive recession, but I know my financial situation can be sorted out because I have regained my mental health and have a much better perspective on life. ', 'My advice to anyone that is being bullied would be to firstly, speak to your doctor. Secondly, find other outlets in life that give you joy and satisfaction. We place far too much emphasis on work and how it shapes who we are. I believe it is this view that leaves many open to being bullied. Volunteer, join a sports organization, etc. anything were you are surrounded by positive, happy people and you feel valued.', 'Lastly, do not be afraid to fight your corner. We all deserve to be treated with dignity and humanity. No one has the right to treat us otherwise, and the worst thing that could happen is that you will be forced out of a job. But really, does anyone deserve to be in a position  whereby they are being bullied? No. Is a company that supports or ignores bulling deserve to have you as an employee? NO, not at all, after all we only go to work to put food on our tables, to keep the lights on in our homes and to keep a roof over our heads.', 'Please, go and find the supports that you need to help yourselves.']
Hi. Since I\'ve come to terms with my "born to be bullied" condition, I\'ve researched methods to try and get some control over it. So I\'ve lovingly prepared an incident form for documenting offensive behaviors. As we all know, legally, if it wasn\'t documented, it didn\'t happen. So, I started by listing the behaviors that we should be held accountable to and the reporting form follows. ', 'Enjoy! ', 'Standards of professional/ethical conduct include treating fellow employees, supervisors, staff, subordinates, and clients/patients/customers with respect, empathy, compassion, and sensitivity. We must work towards a supportive work/learning environment and behave in an ethical, responsible, and dependable manner. We must maintain truthful and honorable work/academic standards while upholding professional manners with appearance and conduct. When given constructively, discreetly, sincerely, and respectfully, we should accept criticisms in order to take responsibility for ourselves and correct ourselves or change protocols as deemed appropriate. ', 'If you witness a violation of the above outlined behavioral standards that was directed towards you or someone else (coworker, client, supervisor, subordinate, etc.) WRITE IT UP and remember people, THERE IS NO EXCUSE EVER FOR BULLYING OR MOBBING BEHAVIORS.', "As my contribution, I've prepared an “incident reporting form” for inappropriate behaviors in the work or academic environment. Please use this form or tweak it as you see fit. I wrote it by reviewing multiple established company policies then re-wrote all my favorite elements...", 'Name of Violator(s): _________________________________', 'Date of Incident:  ___________________', 'Time of Incident:  ___________________', 'Date Form Initiated:  ___________________', 'Person(s) Initiating Form (include contact info if appropriate):  _________________________________', 'Description of incident:', '_______________________________________________', '_______________________________________________', '_______________________________________________', 'Witness(es) To Incident: _________________________________', 'Negative Consequences of Incident: (example, “customer/client/patient service was compromised due to poor or offensive communication “, “customer left due to feeling offended”, “Service was delayed due to lack of efficiency”, “work efficiency compromised related to time loss in having to write up more paperwork for insubordinate behavior of employee”, etc. _________________________________ ', 'Actions Taken To Resolve Issue: (Some examples:  “incident report reviewed with offending party and corrective counseling/education provided” or “Report forwarded to management for review”, or “Policies/protocol procedure guidelines contributing to incident will be reviewed and revised”, etc. ', '_________________________________
After reading some of the stories I think I am a target of a workplace bully. ', 'Here is my story:', 'I started working at a well known retail store where they pride themselves about their customer service and respect for employees.', 'When I first started working there everything was great. I was originally assigned to being a stock person and took great pride in my job. Until...', 'Every new person was required to train for register. It was around the holiday season and as soon as they found that my numbers worked I was thrown into a register position.', "Here's where the bullying started. The manager assigned me to my original post as usual. When it got busy I was called for backup. NO PROBLEM. I know around the holidays it gets busy. The Front End Supervisor who was nice understood that I had a job to do and let me go to finish my assigned job. As soon as the Front End Manager punched in I was automatically called back to the register.", 'The Front End Manager ask, "Why did you leave your register?"', 'I politely said, "I am going back to complete my job that I was originally assigned."', 'The Front End Manager said, "No you are not you are here all day."', 'After going back and forth I concluded the manager told me to complete this assignment this is what I am going to do.  I walked away feeling confused and a little frustrated.', "I don't take two steps in the stock room. When the Store Manager paged me and said we need you now on register. A far cry from what was needed this morning.", 'Later that day I was called in the office. I was told about strategies to make my job more efficient however if a block of time is not devoted then it is next to impossible to complete. I tried to give them a suggestion that would have me on stock half the time and then as a backup register person the other half of the time. The suggestion was kindly overlooked.', 'As the days past it was very obvious to me that I was no longer stock and I was being herded to be a permanent cashier.  This is something I did not want but I tried to make the best of it.', "I noticed the bullying started after my first bad evaluation review from the Front End Manager. I paid it no mind and signed the paper and thought I could improve. It was a tell sign I was dealing with a workplace bully when my evaluation from the front end supervisor was a stark contrast to the front end managers. Front End Supervisor Review: Very positive remarks with room for improvement. Front End Manager's review of me was a Gatling gun of criticisms and negative feed back.", 'It became more apparent this person was a bully and attempting to undermine me when the Front End Supervisor said after my review. ', '"You are doing good and improving. I don\'t see what so and so (the front end manager) is talking about."', 'The Fire Fight Begins', "It began to be a pattern I come in every morning. There was no need to go to stock because I no longer worked there (but no one officially told me). So I go straight into the register. I ring for a while maybe for an hour or two and when there are few customers around. She would walk to my register and rattle off a laundry list of things I hadn't done.   ", 'This has happened over three times and now I see it being part of a patter. She got into her routine of rattling off criticisms and negative remarks; I stopped her and asked her, "Are you telling me I am a bad register person." Mind you I have been semi-permanently  assigned to register duty for a month.', 'She looked stunned while I asked this. I asked her again. Are you saying am I a bad register person.', 'Her response was, "I am not saying that."', 'The next question I asked was, "What are you saying then?"', 'I got no response from her she turned around and walked away sulking to management. ', 'Recently (Martin Luther King Day)', "The Front End Manager got into it with another cashier. This cashier went to management to complain even mentioned that it's obvious that this Front End Manager is a bully and likes to pick on people and this cashier mentioned that she has also witnessed the Front End Manager picking on me. We finally thought that something was going to be done when the Front End Manager was pulled off the floor and sent into the office for 3 hours. We thought something would be done by upper management to give us lowly employees a respite from this person's constant nit-picking and morbid negativity.", 'Something was done alright. The girl who complained and at the end of the day...', "Her hours we slashed to one day for next week. As for my hours...... 0 yes ZERO hours for the next week. My name isn't even on the schedule.", 'It is apparent that this bully has the power to steamroll over management and probably turned the situation around that she feels threatened which is BS.', "When I come to this place now I feel like I have to wear an army helmet and bullet proof vest. I am always on guard when this manager is around because I don't know what dirty trick she will do next. Since my hours have been cut to zero I can only imagine the worse that management is harboring, condoning and enabling this Front End Manager's behavior. To this point I have been assertive and professional however I fear that since I  know this Manager's game and bullying tactics and recognize it for what it is and is not (IT IS NOT: Training as upper management would call it) it is straight up bullying. And from the looks of it... It will continue and maybe escalate.", 'I would of expected this type of behavior on a 5th grade playground not a retail establishment. I have only been there for three months and this experience has left a bad taste about this store and the workplace culture it has cultivated. On a side note I have worked with some great people there most have had the same run ins with this same front end manager. But this one person who is in power has ruined and altered my perception about this store for good.', 'Any advise or words of encouragement would be most helpful.', 'Tim K.']
I work at a non-profit and have for 7 years now. I wear many hats: I am the paperwork HR person, P/R person, Executive Assistant, Development Assistant, Bookkeeper, on-site IT person, and supervisor to 3 AmeriCorps members.', "I was asked two years ago to carry the company on when our Executive Director resigned and the board of directors searched for a new ED. I carried that position for 3 months. I have been dedicated to the mission of the organization. During the 3 months that I was in charge, and the new ED was hired, she was told that I am a trouble maker by some staff and board members. To what basis that comment came from I don't know. I put a halt to a few things that were happening taking the organization in the wrong direction and advised the person involved that any new directions were to be taken up with the ED. That and asking the staff to work their schedules as written were the only things I did to upset the staff that I know of. Oh and I have been in the working world as an assistant for many years so this stuff isn't anything new to me.", 'Since the new ED or as she has managed to reclassify herself with approval of the board, President, has taken office, she had an open door policy, put many policies and procedures in writing and made the staff (17 total) feel important. We were and still are told that we are a team and need to work together; we can make a difference and each person is valuable and important.', "Well, 6 months ago a new development director was hired as our last one moved on to a higher position with another non-profit. This guy has a great reputation in the social circles as a great fundraiser, knows many important people in the city that can make things happen. We, the staff, are excited to have that person on our team - for the first week. He has managed to get the ear of the president to implement many changes. Changes can be great and I for one, am not against changes at all. She has given him tremendous authority in most aspects of the organization and has herself, changed her attitude towards certain staff members, me in particular. All of a sudden I am dogged for making minor mistakes; couldn't possibly be due to too much of a work load! I spoke to her about the tremendous responsibilities I carry and being an assistant to two high level positions is enough in itself much less all the other responsibilities I carry. Deadlines have been put upon me that are impossible to meet during an average work day. I always have to work from home in the evening in order to meet all those responsibilities.", "My ED acknowledges that I have a full plate but throws in the howevers on a pretty consistent basis. I have been excluded from planning meetings between the ED and the development director and then they show high aggravation when I don't know what's going on and both tell me I need to ask more questions. I basically am so busy that I do the tasks at hand and don't offer up much extra because I have too much to do. I basically go into auto pilot to get the information to them or perform the task so I can move on to the next. I then am told, in front of other people on some occasions that I need to review everything before I pass on to them; I agree if I had time to do that. As I perform all of these functions, I am still expected to answer incoming calls when the secretary is not available or overwhelmed; catch the door when the bell rings, cover while the secretary is out to lunch, 1 hour, while the rest of us get 30 minutes if we're even allowed the opportunity to take lunch because of booked meetings and conferences, etc.", "Recently, the dd told me that our ed or president advised him to talk to me about the fact that I sit and wait to be told what to do. I have never ever been that type of person what's more don't have time to sit and wait on anything! It was extremely upsetting to me as I have a high work ethic and have never in my life been accused of such a thing. I have always worked in fast paced situations and managed my time accordingly. Furthermore, in many round about ways by the dd was advised on my personal life as in certain staff members were not my friends and I shouldn't feel the need to speak up for them on their behalf when he or the pres. are talking about them. He has proceeded to speak with a friend and co-worker of mine that I have spoken up for at times about me and said some things that were simply not true but posed them as truths that I said. My friend and I discussed these things and when confronted the dd with them, of course he denied them. I went to the pres. and discussed these things as well as her behavior and comments she had made to me and she insisted that we were merely gossiping and that it had to stop.", "To wrap this up basically, I've had 3 conversations with the president about the way they treat me and that because they have been, out of nowhere, micromanaging me to such a great extent (I quit talking to co-workers about anything so as not to be accused of gossiping) and as a result, am fearful that I will be let go on a basis of the inability to perform my position.", 'We recently had a group come to our organization and perform an evaluation of policies and procedures in place, various positions, etc. to see where improvement could be made. Major positions would be asked to talk to the group interviewers and I specifically was told by the pres. to be honest and no sugar coating. Okay, this group spent 2 1/2 hours with me taking notes, asking questions, etc and then asked me how I would break up my position as obviously it was too much for any one person.', "Their meeting was a couple weeks ago and only the pres. and the dd were allowed to hear their recommendations. No comments were made to the staff about their findings although we the staff were told we would be informed of the results. Next thing I know, the bookkeeping was outsourced to our accountant. Great for me but I wasn't informed of this decision, I wasn't asked how I thought that would work, I wasn't informed on any details. The decision was made and to date, I don't know what that will do to my schedule.", 'A couple weeks ago, several staff members told me how the dd was going around to them asking them to give him some feedback on "my friend" and co-worker. When they advised she does a good job, she is the volunteer coordinator, he proceeded to egg them on to give him something bad about her performance. By the way, they were doing the same thing to her as me - making us feel incompetent and nervous to perform our jobs. Staff members referred to the dd as a bully. So after learning of this, I decided it was time to take it to the president. She pressed for names along with the details I was given. I actually told her that I have heard complaints from all but 5 of the 17 employees and gave some specifics. She then proceeded to give excuses for his behavior and that we needed to learn and accept his persona as he tends to be a little intense and we shouldn\'t take it personally. She stated that I should not be giving advice to any staff members as I was merely the hr person for handling paperwork. I advised her that I didn\'t give advice ever with the exception of stating that I know how they feel and they must talk to the pres about this. The problem is they no longer feel comfortable talking to her about anything as she has changed and deflected much of her responsibilities to the dd. I advised her of that as well.', 'She advised she will be getting to the bottom of this and acknowledged that she needs to reel in the dd in some areas. Next thing I know, she calls me into her office and stated that she spoke to a couple of staff members and they gave her "a very different story". I told her at that point that I\'m done with this. I tried to come to her with issues that staff had told me and it was turned around that, once again, I\'m "stirring the pot". I told her that I felt it my responsibility as her assist. To advise her. Bottom line, my friend and co-worker was let go yesterday based on the fact that her position has changed and it was no longer a good fit.', "I've left out so many things that one may find it difficult to see the bullying that I am experiencing so I'll try to just list them:", "• They need to know why I'm leaving my desk everytime (this is rough due to the fact that I have to help answer the door, answer calls from staff for computer issues, make copies in the copy room, etc.)", "• When I'm speaking to any other staff member, I'm checked on - I notice the pres or dd looking for me, hanging around near me", '• Staff members come to my office to ask me questions and the pres walks around the corner of her office to mine and stands there - sometimes commenting sometimes just standing there listening', "• I attend the finance committee meetings with board members and I'm talked over by both and given looks like don't say a word", "• During those meetings I've witnessed many many times, items glossed over or not addressed", "• After those meetings I've been chastised for not knowing what many line items of financial reports consist of at a moments drop of the hat and told to be more prepared", "(I am not an accountant but merely a bookkeeper and do not have a degree in this field and they know it and I've stated that many times that it's difficult for me to interpret some of the financials for that very reason. I thought that's why we have accountants)", 'Bottom line is I have too many jobs on my plate and they keep piling more on only to comment on how I need to organize my time better and stay on top of things.', "They have worn me down, made me doubt myself and am fearful of losing my job. And yes, it makes me extremely angry and the pres tells me I'm personalizing all of this - it's nothing personal. I'm here to tell you, it's all personal.
I have been employed for over 40 years and have never been bullied, at anytime in my life or career. I have worked for top notch companies, lived in larger cities (New York & Washington, DC) and excelled in every aspect of my career. I moved back to my hometown to be with my children and have come across a small town bully, who has been allowed by the Store Manager to treat people with such disrespect that the Store Manager does not have respect from the employees. He has become a company joke.', "The bully ignores anyone that she can't intimidate, and gives extra hours, consideration, and time to those who are passive. When you speak out about your thoughts, you have no one to go to, because the boss puts his head in the sand and allows the bully to rule. Intimidation rules in this store. I have never had to deal with such small town mentality and such closed minds. It is physically making me sick.", 'I have always been in a supervisor position and been a big motivator. I believe that everyone has a positive intent when they go to work each day. My associates have great respect for me, but when I cannot back a bully back down in their corner, due to management creating such a hostile work environment, my credibility is challenged on a daily basis. I cannot believe that I have let a bully put me in this position. Normally, I would look for another position, but I have moved to a rural area, where jobs are scarce.
How on earth does a naturally pretty and smart female diffuse female envy, mostly over appearance, toward her? I am "her" and I work with about 20 women, about 15 of which I really truly believe wish I would get hit by a truck and die. They mercilessly slander me via gossip behind my back and perversely enjoy and incite other new coworkers, successfully, to do the same.  I needn\'t say or do anything. It\'s phenomenal. They fuel their own hatred toward me.', "Going to work is like going into the Twilight Zone where there is an obsession with me.  Like a secret war that hasn't been officially declared due to its petty nature, but nevertheless continues.  I mean these people are cookoo and because so many of them are nutso simultaneously, they encourage each other on and have completely gone into irrational mode because there's not a decent one among them to keep them in check reality-wise.", "I swear it is like stepping back in time to 1938 and watching the masses of German citizens happily unleash a mad man. And the director of my department is the queen bee of envy who adores a misogynist male coworker of mine who doesn't do her a darn bit of justice as her subordinate and meanwhile he despises me and uses the jealous nature of the female to incite my female coworkers further against me.", "I work at Jealousy/Vanity/Bully Central. For those jealous women who want to debate that what I'm experiencing may be the cause of a personality flaw on my part -  go someplace and sell denial.  For those who are familiar with what I've described here and have found a successful method to diffuse female envy and become a human being in the workplace (versus an OBJECT of envy), please offer what you have to say here.  It would be much appreciated.  Thank you!"]
I still vividly recall the first (and with any luck, last) time I left a job on bad terms. I was working in the boarding kennel of a large vet hospital. I was there for a total of about 3 years. Up until the last several months of my employment there I got along very well with all my coworkers.', "We had 2 people in our department who were friends outside of work. They met when one girl got hired and they became inseparable. Literally. You never saw one without the other. They would come to work, set their things down and immediately begin gossiping. For hours at a time, while the rest of us worked around them. We had a boss who had no prior experience in management. She'd been offered the position after the last one quit and while she was amiable, her inexperience showed through her desire to please us. I understand the difficulty she faced in going from an equal to our superior, but I think she tried too hard to be our friend.", "Anyway, the trouble began during the slow season in late January. Our facility was capable of housing around 175 animals and I'd guess we had around 20-40 at the time. I didn't work with these girls every day. I'd guess we worked together maybe 3 times per week, me working the morning shift and they working the evening shift. Apparently these two girls had gotten overtime for a week straight. My boss called me aside one day and told me they had said that I was the problem, that I hadn't been doing enough to help out before I left for the day. Mind you, my shift ended at 5pm and theirs at 9, giving them 4 hours to get everything done for the night. They also had help from a high school kid who came in nights from 4-8. Sadly, my boss took their side even though I pointed out to her how lazy these two were.", "I found out later that they also tried to complain about a guy who worked with them on weekends. He told me he closed with them on Saturdays and they spent so much time gossiping that they neglected their responsibilities. He got so sick of bailing them out at the end of the night that he just did his own work and left. That's when they told on him. They had similar complaints about 2 other girls as well and even tried to get them fired. One other girl quit because she couldn't take their treatment of her anymore. The worst of it was that through the whole thing my boss was backing them up! She even encouraged us to tell her when these targeted employees were doing something wrong so she could get them for it. I admit I was no angel; I joined in on the gossiping quite a bit myself but I stopped short of actively getting anyone in trouble.", " I began to resent those 2 for using me as a scapegoat, so much so that I barely spoke to them. I couldn't take seeing them lounging on the counters talking for hours, or doing piddly little cleanup jobs to make it look like they were working. One day I just snapped. I yelled at one of them for something stupid and that just made everything worse. From that point it was all downhill and I started getting written up for the stupidest things. I have never before or since been written up for any behavior issues at any job I've ever held. It was so demeaning that I left when I found out one of the 2 was getting promoted to manager. I knew it would just be a matter of time before she found something to fire me, so I left. Not before I had to endure a sitdown with her and my current manager after she started training, however. That was the last straw.", 'Her friend had told on me for something stupid so it gave her an opportunity to "discipline" me. I have never, ever, in my entire LIFE wanted to punch someone as badly as I did her that day. She dared to look me in the eye and speak with this fake, concerned sympathetic tone and ask me why I had done it when I knew I shouldn\'t, and oh, she didn\'t want to see anything bad happen to me, blah blah, etc. I was absolutely seething with anger and couldn\'t find anything to say. You know the old adage, "If you can\'t say something nice..." Well I had a litany of not-nice things I SO wanted to shout at her. I decided then and there that I\'d had enough.', 'I put in my 2 weeks notice (at which point she told me I could leave in 2 days- NOT! I squeezed another full 2 weeks pay out of them). I haven\'t been back since but I heard she\'s still the kennel manager there, while I moved on to get my vet tech degree. She will forever be the Queen of S--- as far as I\'m concerned. Oh and her "promotion"? Ha! Like the kennel manager is such an important position. She was one of 2 applicants and of those 2, was the only one who actually worked in the kennel. It wasn\'t a choice, it was a lack of options. You think they\'d open the position to outside applicants? Yeah, right - they don\'t care about qualifications, it\'s a low-level position. As long as they\'ve got a warm body they don\'t care who does it. I think it suits her. :)']
When the bullying was happening at work I made excuses for the person that was doing it and I allowed myself to believe that it was my fault, that I need to be tougher and beat myself up about it everyday for a year and a half. I was too embarrassed to admit to my family and friends that this was happening to me and to be honest, never used the word bullying because I didn't actually believe at the time that that's what was happening, one day this person was my friend and the next this person was talking down to me, saying things that would upset me, excluding me from conversations etc and it got to the point where I thought I was just imagining it all, I thought it was all in my mind.", "This person also had the friendship (although she was calling this person behind their back too) of the manager in charge so I literally felt as though I had nobody to turn to. Looking back at it now I think this person knew exactly how they were making me feel because every time I would leave the room or be talking to someone in the company who had the power to stop it (upper managerial) they would question me about what I'd been saying as soon as I walked back into the room. They were so on edge that I would say something (even though I never did) that they were paranoid and on edge.", "I started having panic attacks on the journey to work, I wouldn't sleep at night or keep waking and checking the clock all the time knowing that I had to go back and tread on eggshells. Shortly before leaving I went to my doctor and he gave me a medical certificate and signed me off work with stress. The upper management wanted to know why but I was so scared of it reaching my manager and the person in question that I said there was a lot of tension in the room and I couldn't handle it anymore. Whilst I was away, the colleague and her friend spun a right story to upper management and made me look like the bully.", "There was a meeting, I went alone (big mistake) and I knew from the minute I walked into the room that they had both been saying untruthful things about me, I said then and there that I would come back but if the tension and problems continued then I would leave, upper management even tried saying that everyone's stressed and we all just need to get on with it, at that point I just wanted to cry and tell everything but I didn't.", "I returned to work but they made it very clear that they didn't want me there so I resigned from the job and now I'm in therapy but to be honest it's not helping, I'm feeling anxiety and guilt everyday and I replay what happened over and over in my head replacing the things I said or the fact I just walked away with things I should have said at the time. I don't go out and I'm scared of getting a new job in case it happens again. I feel let down by the upper management because I believe they knew exactly who the problem was but never did anything to resolve it, I feel angry that I'm the one going to therapy and having flashbacks when they're getting on with their lives. The damage done by psychological bullying and harassment is horrendous and it leaves scars. I'm no longer the confident person I was and I don't feel competent enough to even get another job."]
Recently after my high school graduation, I started working as a part-timer for a restaurant in Austin. The owner is the cook and his wife is the person in charge of the waitresses. She would often yell at me, pressing her fingers hardly on my arms when correcting me, in front of co-workers and customers. Sometimes I felt afraid to ask questions and even afraid to ask for my lunch break, which did not last more than 20 minutes.', 'Once she got mad because I invited some walk ins to sit in a table that was in an area that she had reserved for some customers that had called. I was on the impression that she had only reserved one large table for those guests, not the whole room. That day I felt so bad that I left 5 min earlier with the excuse that I had a date, and did not wait for my tip.', 'Two days after I called about my tips and 3 weeks of hours that had not been paid. Her husband, who appreciates me very much, met with me. He handed me my paycheck and asked me if I wanted to stay with them. I told him how I felt. He invited me to call his wife and try to straighten things out with her. I did received a phone call from her the day after, on my cell phone. She wanted to know specifically what I had spoken about with her husband. After she insisted so much, I told her and she started yelling and me, using language, and asking me that her husband and me cannot mistake her for a fool.', 'Of course I will not go back. But it is very discouraging because it is my first working experience and I really liked the dynamics of the job. I was possibly the employee that made more tips, and people liked me. The only thing I did not enjoy about my job was working for this hysterical woman.
The top managers could not understand or pretending not to understand I do not know, at last I spoke to CEO about the actual situation I am facing from a subordinate about verbal domination and frequent indirect commenting behaviour of his.', 'The CEO gave me good suggestions about how to deal but ultimately at the end he concluded I should keep patience and do not react soon being an executive.', 'The person I spoke about to CEO turned to be his informer about office activities.', 'Now I can conclude the reason for his dominative behaviour and disrespectful behaviour he is taking advantage of his good relation with CEO. Though I appreciate the CEO being considerate towards me I still think my problem is unsolved. ', 'I feel it is waste to expect justice from top management where such things happens on the  other side I have not indulged in any violation of rules so why should I suffer such disrespectful behaviour. If I am supposed to maintain lady like manner then others should also maintain gentlemanship that should have been assured by the top level managers. I am alone and I should stand alone and fight alone. Honesty and dignity are my strengths. Whatever may be my future in this workplace. Even if I am defeated I shall face it with dignity. I will not quit this job right now until I win or I lose.']
Without asking an explanation from my side and without knowing how I work I am frequently asked by my boss to provide all the documents to junior staff and train them .', 'After few days my junior staff behaves with me in dominant way and blames me of not giving them documents and not training them.', 'The version of my senior boss and the junior are same and I am feeling that the senior manager takes feedback about me from junior staff and I am blamed from both sides. Management is close to the junior staff. Company rules are made by management but I am bullied by staff regarding this. ', 'Are these signs that I shoud change this job? I have been suffering through depression and I am not able to perform well.', 'Since I am in my job because of my own qualifications and hard work but still I felt it as mental harassment and it has effected my professional as well as personal life.', 'It is no use talking to management since I am an executive and I feel it inappropriate to complain about my juniors. It should have been solved by my senior manager but instead he has very nice relations with my junior staff.', 'Please advice me since after many compromises when my self respect was hurt I stopped talking to those junior staff.']
I am tired of being a victim. I was in special ed in class and was called named and then I graduated and complained when it happened at work. I did the right thing about someone bullying. My manager told me that I was nothing more then a baby  and fired me on the spot. I can't handle being unemployed. Do I just shut up and or keep quitting because I don't want to be bullied or do I get on my hands and knees. I want to support myself and all I get is go to the doctors. Programs don't work for me and the only jobs that can help me I know are being eliminated. I am 28 years do I just accept that I am never going to live on my own. When I go there they tell me that I am a liar and the witness of bullying don't step forward because they would rather keep their job. I used all my resources in Muskegon. How can I get a job if I don't want to be walked on and when they bully. I go cry in the public bathroom.", "I want to expand my job search and give up and crawl on my hands and knees. I would like to move out of the nest should let people shut up, work shouldn't have to make me puke everyday of my life because I can't handle criticism they called instruction. I was forced to sign a statement they wanted. They refuse to let me leave. I want to support myself. I want independence. I want to go places without being out in the cold weather. How to overcome, be quiet or quit every time I can't handle life.
I have been working with this organization for a long time.  I made one major career mistake years ago and it has been all downhill ever since.', 'I was working for a VP, and another very senior officer offered to enroll me for special training classes with subsequent foreign postings to offices in London or Japan, if I would agree to work for him. I agreed, because I have always wanted to work abroad. This turned out to be the most major mistake of my career.', 'The offer was a complete lie. There was no training class or foreign posting. The truth was that the senior officer (also a VP, and a rival of my boss) wanted to score brownie points with the Big Boss of both men, by putting another person into my place.  This person, also an employee of the organization, had forged a personal relationship with the wife of the Big Boss.  In very short order, I found myself put into one of the most unimportant departments in the company. ', 'There, the head of the department took advantage by sexually harassing me and threatening me with loss of my job. I made several verbal complaints about his behaviour to no avail, and finally put the complaint in writing.', 'I was transferred out of the Department, but the news of the report (supposedly highly confidential) was leaked by one of the people on the Harassment Committee.  The new department (and almost every other employee as well) got to hear of all the private details of the case, because of one person  on the Harassment Committee. The new department started treating me with suspicion and distrust. At the first opportunity, they transferred me out of there.', 'In the next Department, the person in charge had a history of bullying other employees and accusing them falsely of stealing office documents and selling them for profit.  The same thing was done to me, and I was transferred yet again to my current position. The head of this department was in due course of time told about my past history and he screamed filthy abuse at me, calling me every name he could think of,  and told everyone at the top of his voice about my case.  He snatched my personal property, threatened to hit me and stopped giving me work. He took away my office computer and gave it to another person who had recently joined the department.  The whole department naturally followed his lead and I was made miserable.  After this incident, I asked to be transferred out from there. The officials of the company have closed ranks against me because I refused to withdraw the written complaint of sexual harassment.', 'In this department there is one employee who is not only highly favoured by officials in key positions because of personal connections/relationships yet again, there is also full awareness of my past history.This person has been given the unofficial green signal to harass and humiliate me either directly or through the officers here. The person has systematically poisoned everyone against me by giving them a twisted version of what happened earlier. Now I am totally isolated here. I cannot leave because I am near retirement and cannot afford to lose out on retirement benefits which will be my main source of income post-retirement.']
I was the secretary of a new social aged housing apartment block, most of us trained for twelve months to be effective board members which we did for the first seven months in our new building, a newer lady joined our group, before we moved into our new complex, From the first directors meeting, she screamed at me after the meeting in front of the whole board stating she wanted the filing cabinet upstairs, this is where I had placed all the office furniture etc as I was the administrator with the help and advice from our Treasurer. This bully had been made a rental officer because we could not obtain one. She had not at that time had anything to file, as I have a serious and ongoing heart problem I was unable to climb the stairs to go to the office and was using my own computer and office equipment in my own home, all I needed at the time was the filing cabinet downstairs because I was filing on a daily basis.', 'The next day she came over to me when I was sweeping my porch, hands on hip finger in the face yelling, you only have arthritis like the rest of us, I ignored her again and went inside, two days later she knocked on my door, hands on hips again finger in my face again and said again in a raised voice, "I was in management and you are wrong," I asked her why, she replied that notice on the board it is wrong, I said to her I was asked by our treasurer to type it up for him 5 minutes ago so go and bully him. She left, at every meeting thereafter, she interjected my minutes at every opportunity, one night the chairperson told her to sit down or he would postpone the meeting to another date, she sat.', 'Because of my illness and the stress this women caused me, I ended back in hospital and had to have surgery to slow my heart rhythm, it was ok for one week and she started interrupting minutes again until I said to our co-ordinator, I need a leave of absence which was granted, since my non-attendance at meetings she and her fellow bullies of which there are three now, sacked our wonderful very learned chairperson, have taken over the board and now after the recent A.G.M. are now the sole board members.', 'One of these members assaulted physically both another aged member and myself on different occasions, causing serious injuries to one and both arms severely bruised to me. That is now in POLICE HANDS, we are awaiting the Police findings at the minute. Our social housing co-ordinator said he can do nothing until the Police charge the person who had assaulted and still abuses visitors coming into the complex.', 'A notice of breach of duty was drawn up and signed by me in the official way and the new chairperson, friend of the bully and the assaulter refused to sign it. So no breach of duty has been served upon the assaulter. I am in the hands of victims of crime at the minute and because of my cardiac issues which are ongoing with G.P. and Cardiologists letters to that fact, are still having to live in this awful atmosphere.', 'The people who are bullied are 75, 83, 85, 86, and 73 respectively in age. The bully is a younger woman as is the assaulter. We have had no response from the Police as yet, the assaults took place last July 2011 and Sept 2011. We are still awaiting a result.', 'The company that owns the building said they can do nothing to help us. I am consulting a psychologist for anxiety and panic attacks every time I see the assaulter going past my door. I am keeping my doors locked and my blinds drawn. I am so very frightened.']
I was an NQT last year and I was bullied by the entire early years team. I was not trained in reception, although I was placed there, despite the fact that the local lea said that reception was a specialist job. I obviously found last year incredibly difficult as it was my first year and I was in a place out of my comfort zone. However on top of that I was getting bullied in many different ways. I had a teaching assistant write comments about the order in which I did things and what I did at certain times, not to mention the fact that the one to one support member, my teaching assistant, the other class teacher and her teaching assistant undermined me repeatedly and obviously throughout the year. It got so bad that I had to speak to my phase leader who dealt with it before she left, but this made things worse. Then at the end of the year when I somehow managed to pass my NQT quite well, I was accused of saying that 'I could manage another pupil's behaviour better than someone else' when I actually said 'maybe he will do better next year, he might need a fresh start. This comment flew around the school and other staff members who previously sympathised with me, in fact  went cold towards me. The following September I was placed in KS2, I was thrilled as I was back in my comfort zone. Although the one to one support member in my class was the one that I had apparently 'put down' last year so who knows what she really thought.", "The bullying is very much from the head this year. Last year she said I would be supported as I was moving to year 4, although this did not happen. Instead she came into my room repeatedly to do mini observations and then told me that my behaviour management was inadequate – she was negative and seemed disappointed and she even said that it was a concern for her. She then observed me after 17 days into my first year and after 4 negative undermining conversations, and gave me an inadequate as this time my behaviour management was apparently 'tense'. I was angry and confused as I followed what she had previously told me.", "She said things like: 'I don't know how we have go there after you passed your NQT' etc... I felt worthless.", "I then somehow managed to build another inner strength after my phase leader told me that there was no way that I was an inadequate teacher etc... I got observed for the second time, I thought the lesson was good. I dressed up, differentiated well and made sure that everything possible was catered for. But guess what – I got another inadequate. This time my behaviour management was fine, but my pitch wasn't.", "I'm now off with stress – what a surprise. I am scared for my future, I don't want to go back at all but if I don't will I get another job with a head like this in control of my future? How can my career (of which I am incredibly passionate about) lie in the hands of someone who has gained power, but obviously does not know what she is doing? It's all wrong and I'm now stuck.  She has done this to others recently too..."]
I’ve started to work for one of the most respectful institutions with a great reputation in financial industry last year in August 2010. A new department was formed in the company and they need a good experienced people to work in it.', 'As all new entrants I came through mandatory introduction training, which in general can be described as “how wonderful company we are, we provide things so different”. Cannot blame the trainer, who prepared the presentations, but the actual reality of day to day business was a total opposition of what I heard.', 'Shortly after I started to do my job I was asked by a newly appointed supervisor of my department to make a plan of my job as there are “some things” to fix. Things to be fixed turned out actually to be a whole 20 projects to improve the whole department.', 'Well I was surprised by the amount of things (and so did my colleague - another new hire in my department) which needed to be fixed – months, even years of mismanagement, lots of gaps in procedures, breaching of legal regulations, hundreds of lost papers.  I was impressed with total lack of organisation and support from the supervisor. Maybe it was better as it clearly turned out that his knowledge of the industry is very poor, so his management skills. Actually he could learn from me and my colleague how things shall be done in our work.', 'With a total lack of support or communication I was left on my own with a job to do. Well, I was proficient so I did not need the support. In the same time the supervisor was involved in building a strong relationship with a new client, one of the biggest hedge funds in the world (“rely on us, everything can be done”). Well in our job not all can be done, because law is law.', 'Shortly I’ve found myself spending long hour at work, 10, 12 hours shifts, without proper break.', 'My supervisor noted that and asked to make a list how really bad tasks to fix are. So I made the list and I was accused for “exaggerating things”, laughed of "being too efficient". Was even awared by supervisor and his colleague (another supervisor) “don’t you ever dare to escalate any problem in this company because you will be tagged as a problem” and in the end was asked in a sarcastic tone “do you want to kick us off from the chairs?”  Supervisor only said after this incident “don’t worry about him; he does not have strong position in the company”.', 'Sadly I discovered that the department head who decided to hire me for work for my skills was told incredible lies about me – how difficult employee I am, that other people working with me feel offended, that I don’t care about the other people etc. Sadly I discovered that she is bullied also by a group of men at work including my supervisor. She could not execute at all some part of the work from him, a job which he was paid 50k per year. Anytime he felt intimidated, accused her of harassment, even falling into tears about her requests for job done properly. Incredible immature behaviour as for 34 years old man.', 'She eventually left the company suddenly leaving the office one day and never coming back. Luckily she was offered a better job, where she is appreciated now.', 'Supervisor from that moment felt really powerful. My ideas about improvement of the process were laughed at team meetings, I discovered my colleague to be totally intimidated by supervisor. And total lack of communication between us and supervisor. I discovered that my ideas are being proposed to senior managers, but it is not me who made such proposals, but my supervisor represents them as his own. As well a huge project on which I spent 2 months and worked on my own was introduced as his own. He got a quarterly award and bonus for it.', 'His security didn’t last long. A few months later senior managers appointed a new department head. She was shocked by a total lack of control in a part of the business where control needs to be put. My supervisor was turned out as a complete Peter Principle. And he could not stand it – his image as a charming, young, wealthy man, paid well for doing a great job and leading people was ruined.', 'She finally started to appreciate my job and a job of my colleague. Mr Principle of course could not stand it and selected me as a target. Pin pointed out all his mistakes on me. Unfortunately she didn’t believe his lies.', 'Again the story begun – he was humiliated, intimidated by a woman, his superior, who dares to point out his mistakes and failures. Failures which may cost our institution a mass penalty, even taking out the license for business.', 'However she shortly realised how penalised she is by Mr Principle and the whole clique of his peers on management level who promoted him and treat as a celebrity – well actually they all were celebrities. After 5 months of work with them I witnessed numbers of bullying incidents, putting blame on department employees for mistakes done by Mr Principle and his lack of knowledge, also a blame for the whole process “this is the way things are run”. It was always a mistake of someone else or the way thing were run, it was NEVER his mistake.', 'Who made decisions things were run and costs shareholder’s money, reputation of our institution?', 'I was also amazed why this comes unnoticed by senior managers and company owners. Massive breach of procedures, lack of legal documentation for transactions, abuse of power. Where these things are taken from?', 'We had a number of audits over past months, 80% of these problems were pointed out and brought to owners attention, other 20% will come into the light by the end of this year. Mr Principle in the same time is being sent to the business trip to America, where he spent company’s money on expensive hotel, sophisticated business lunches and... sets up a new department.', 'In the same time I have my job extended by his duties, correcting his mistakes, I work no longer from 9-5 but 9-9, day by day. The new manager is bullied so much by peers of Mr Principle that she starts to have panic attacks and taking this out to me.', 'And finally we have November 2011 – one day I got a phone from a good head hunter with a new job offer. A job with no supervisor upon me, a mile stone step in my career. I was successful at interview and a few days later I signed a contract with a new employer and gave my notice to supervisor and manager. Exactly one year after I was accused of trying to kick the clique off the chairs.', 'I will finish my work in this company in the end of this year (after a battle for approved holidays which were maliciously cancelled, Thanks Good to a supportive HR representative for his help I’ll have my days off again).', 'Mr Peter Principle soon is left without an employee who dared to improve things for him, worked efficiently, make a credit for him in the organization, bring competences he expected and who dared to fix his mistakes. Who had everything what he lacked – competence, self esteem, ambition, integrity. And I am the most happy person in the world. What else to say  - I was offered no support during my time of employment at all from his side, received no promotion because he blocked it with full effort by blackmailing me with the clique, I received no salary rise. He totally shrugged off the position where I should be.', 'My department is left with additional cost of hiring process, training for replacement, unsure situation for established relationships with shareholders how these will be managed in the future and a manager who doubts if Mr Principle can ever be removed from his position and who thinks about leaving her job as well. Amount of things to fix are overwhelming. And the company faces a danger of high penalties for the way “things were run”.', 'We have financial crisis now, newspapers are full of stories of incompetent bankers, who made decisions we all have to pay for now. However website of the bank where I worked over last year and will leave soon says “we do business in unique ways, we provide unique culture of doing things, provide security for our clients through established reputation”. Unique culture means blackmailing, backstabbing everyone who dares to do the best for the company and clients, unique culture of abuse of law, a playground for a clique of a few incompetent Peters Principles who are so called managers.']
I work for a government department that shares an office with another large organisation.  We have calendars on our computers in which we can put appointments etc.  One of my work colleagues who I know doesn't like me.  Someone told me she regularly checks my work to see if I have made mistakes and if I have she emails my line managers.", 'Anyway I went to work today one of the secretaries from the other organisation said that this woman really hates me and that they all know what I am doing because she has shown them my calendar.  The calendar is for everyone in my company to view but this lady the secretary does not work for my company.  I felt humiliated and felt that some kind of confidentiality had been breached and data protection.', 'Not sure what to do if I should take it further, I have had quite a few run ins with her.', 'There is no real reason for her to check my online calendar as I am not a manager I am an admin person so its not important to know what I am doing on what day and anyway she knew what I was doing yesterday as I was working at another site.', 'Can I take it further? I would like an apology and for her to stop checking my work, its beginning to really stress me out.  I have spoken to my line manager who is going to speak to her - this is not the first time but I want it to stop. HELP.']
I have worked for the company for just over three years . I have always loved my job until six weeks ago we got a new boss, she is under qualified and spends most of her time in the office with the door closed, we have a deputy manager who's been there a number of years who also spends all her time in the office.", "Yesterday I was called into the office and the owner of the place was there (I work in a care home). He asked me what I'd been saying to other staff members about the deputy manager. I told him I didn't know what he meant, he said I had told other staff members that the deputy manager had been stealing money from clients. I told him I'd said nothing. He then told me he had seven letters form staff members saying I told them this, I denied it, he then said I could save myself alot of trouble and resign. I refused. I told him I'd done nothing and said nothing. He then said the police were involved. I told him I would be happy to answer any questions the police wish to ask. He then said he'd taken on bigger and better people and won. I asked him if he thought this was a game. He asked me three times throughout the conversation to resign. He told me it wasn't a disciplinary just an informal chat... then he said I was suspended and would be getting a letter to attend a disciplinary. What should I do have you got any advice? Thank you.
This is not really a workplace bullying story, but I feel that this letter is so important that I hope Anton can allow it to be read by people on these forums. I found it while surfing the Web and have copied it word-for-word.', 'Mark was a victim of multiple stalking.  He had a website where I saw this letter. I believe that Mark said he would contribute to his website regularly, but the site has apparently been taken down, and no one seems to know where he is;', 'Here it is. I feel it just about sums up what many of us may have experienced ourselves.', 'Dear Friend,', "I call you friend because if you and I were to meet face to face we would sense a special kinship and would probably know each other immediately.  I know nothing about your background.  I'm not aware of your personal circumstances, whether you're young of old, male or female. I don't know what your religious or ethnic background is.  But I have an idea of the type of person you are.  ", 'You are probably very artistic and above average in intelligence. ', 'You are probably honest and live by a higher set of ideals than the general mass.', 'You are probably a self-correcting person.', "You probably have not been satisfied with the knowledge you've received through traditional channels.", 'You are most definitely a seeker.', 'Regardless of why you think you have been targeted, relatively speaking, you are probably a saint.', "This may be why you've been chosen.", 'Your life has changed drastically.  You will never look at people, or the American flag the same way again.', 'You are directly experiencing a result of the primitive, unresolved collective-insanity, that you have heard of other historical figures running into.', 'By now you have probably concluded that this is the same entity that has killed people who have recognized and resisted it throughout history.', "It's name changes from place to place, and from time to time. It expresses itself in different ways.  But it is always the same; it is large and powerful and has the minds of most people.", 'You are face to face with it in the form of Organised Stalking.  It has focused its attention on you and it will not stop.', "At this point it doesn't matter when or why it started, or what the name of the group or agency is.  It would have happened anyway.", 'You will end up jobless and Mobbed out of work.  You may end up in jail or dead.  You will lose friends and family.  You may end up homeless, possibly living from shelter to shelter.  And you will be persecuted the whole time.', 'I am personally not very religious, but I know evil when I see it.  You are in a fight for your life against people being used by Satan.  There is no more accurate way to put this.', 'It is necessary that you document your case and survive as long as you can, to provide testimony to anyone with eyes and ears.  You are not alone.', 'Mark M. Rich
In Florida my boss makes me punch out for team meetings? Is this legal to do? So basically I don't get paid when there is a team meeting... I have not and will not sign anything that says this is ok and I give my consent for that to be done.
My boss, the practice manager and owner\'s wife, has appointed her best friend as her "assistant" to act as the manager when she is out of the office.', 'This friend is an obnoxious bully who questions everyone and everything and runs back to tattle on anything she can.  She has no experience or qualifications to be a manager and is the type to have to cut down others to make herself look better.', 'She badmouths everyone behind their back, ruffles the boss\'s feathers over non-issues, and then we are "scolded" like children.', 'We all feel very bullied and cannot go to the boss... this is her best friend and she will defend her to the death.', 'Besides quitting, do any of us have any other options?']
I've written here before and have always felt heard and supported. My being bullied has led me into a deep depression and social withdrawal. I have not worked in over a year. I have no income. I am fighting insurance companies which is almost impossible to do with this illness, as anyone suffering from depression can understand. Even the medical field only has so much patience for people without a visible injury.", "My newest psychiatrist (due to a move) is supposed to help me fight the insurers but has decided that my illness might have been misdiagnosis and he called me 'overly sensitive', stating that the bully never physically hurt me or threatened to kill me in anyway. All my other doctors have told me I'm not well enough to go back, another breakdown is inevitable. He seems to disagree, stating 'hard love'. He also thinks my meds are all wrong and is adjusting them.", "It's almost impossible to get a psychiatrist where I live and for insurance purposes you can't change them. Any advice?", 'A good read for all fighting insurance companies would be "Navigating workplace disability insurance report" talks about true life stories of people, now, and their journey. ', "PS. The bully is still working, getting payed and still doing her thing. For all the victims out there who have no income this Christmas I just want you all to know that you're not alone. I know it doesn't put presents under the tree and food on the table but I understand the pain and anger you're going through. I understand your loss, physically, emotionally, and financially, but mostly the lost of 'you'. There is no easy fix, no easy answers. I think the 'weak' just have to figure a way to navigate through the strong peoples world and learn to fit in and survive."]
My job was not a paid position, rather I was a volunteer on the PTA of my children's school.  The dynamics were that of a mobbing, bullying group vs. me and the affects cut into my soul.  Two years later I have left the group and left wondering how this all happened.", "I was new to this small town community and targeted from the get go.  My first encounter was with the charming sociopathic mother of my daughter's friend.  Her plan to befriend me and  goad me into joining the PTA.  Always willing to give a hand I volunteered. I take pride in my hard work and doing my part so even when it seemed pre determined by the group that I would be secretary I was willing accepted the role. The vice secretary was the sociopatic mom who conveniently was never available to help me.  Nobody called her to account. Sure it was a setup, I see that now and I intuited it then but ah the beauty of hindsight.  Now this PTA was made up of a tsunami of bullies - all of them minions to the original sociopatic mom.  I was aware of their deceptions but really could not get my head around it - it made no sense.  Weren't we all there to help the school and our children,  I decided to put my head down and do the work and ignore them.   ", "My hard work was recognized and I was offered temporary position within the school system.  This added much fuel to the fire as the sociopathic mom became enraged with envy and began psychological attacks on both me and my daughter.  Suddenly my daughter was being isolated at school and her friends  dropped like flies.  The mom began subtle but effective attacks on my character, through gossip and making me out to be overeager and needy.  I spoke with the principal as I wanted to expose her for what she was.  But got the feeling she thought me paranoid and really didn't want the trouble of the mob on her.", "Suddenly I was the trouble maker and after all my hard work was being marginalized and left feeling used and humiliated.  I feel as though everyone in this small town ganged up on me and still can not understand why.  I am college educated and worked as a professional for over 20 years prior to this life disruption.  I never encountered this behaviour and had always enjoyed the fruits of my hard work with promotions, raises and being held in high esteem.  Such small mindedness was  foreign to me and left me doubting who I was.  What irks me most is that I never stood up to them. As they falsely praised my hard work I nearly allowed myself to be sucked back into their games.  I didn't want to give in and be intimidated.  Luckily I had one supporter, my husband who stood up to them and said that as a family we were no longer taking part.  Sometimes you need a shoulder to lean and luckily I had a strong one. ", 'Each day I must still face these people at baseball matches and school events. Someone else was ultimately give the permanent position in the school. I am stronger from all this and have since learned the most important word is NO.  I take comfort in knowing that I am not them and am still trying to be me while protecting my family from arrested developed people and social imbeciles.']
I witness someone stealing at work, it's considered theft and then when I reported in HR, they gave me a warning letter of harassment and malicious act. I was so depressed and I felt humiliated to the whole organization because they didn't consider my report of stealing hours at work.", "The people that involved in this case are still working. I emailed it to someone who's member of trustees and they humiliated me more. I came to the point where I was mentally stressful everytime I work there.", "Mentally stress because I am thinking all the time, what they going to do next... after 2 months, someone complained about me for nonsense and I got another written warning letter... I felt I was the target of the whole organization, but I will wait till they kick me out, I am not giving my resignation, I'll wait till they give me a termination letter. The management were using their power, including the human resources, they are all one, like politics, they always side to the people who ripped them off.", "There is no evidence but people are talking about it about the favoritism, who's receiving gifts from employees but I believed in karma so I just want to see how it works.", "They are going to kick me our soon but for sure nothing lasts when you're in bad management.
My co-workers said to me 3 year ago, The service I offer makes me look good and makes him look bad. Since then everything at work is upside down. He managed to have a support system of 4 people out of 10 in our department. He and the other added more work to my busy load. Worked against me to have my assignment impossible to fulfill. Because of it and since 2009, I had more complaints about my work from his support system. I got sick more often, I was overworked and stressed. I'm so traumatized now I don't want to work anywhere ever. I was just diagnosed with depression. I'm off work for a month. Once I'm released, I will quit. I brought the issue to my supervisor, the union. They masked my view, no one believes me anymore."]
I have been a victim of bullying for a long time and I really did not recognize it as that. I just thought some people are just mean and I should stay away from them, but really people being mean to others is what bullying is. I was bullied at school, in the work place and even from my own family. In my very first job I was bullied by the manager. I was young did not know how to deal with it so I moved from that job. Then over time I kept moving from job to job.', 'People around me thought I was just too unstable and that something was just wrong with me. Even my family criticized me. I told my mother about my first job but she said you just have to deal with it. Sometimes when I came to the door of my job I just diverted because I could not deal with it on some days. I would take the bus or the train and just go someplace else, just not be there and return home when the shift was over. Sometimes I tried to be brave but it was just too much emotional hurt and anxiety for me. I felt alone.', 'I let out my frustrations by window shopping then eventually I spent most of my money on things that would make me feel better for a while. Then I did more shopping to keep me feeling happy. The feeling lasted for a short while and then it was gone along with my money. Then I had more problems, being broke most of the time. People started looking at me with disgust and shame. Some family members tried to help me. I even opened up and tried to express myself but I did not know what to say.', 'The problem was deeper than they could reach and sometimes they just added to the problem with name calling and even bullying when they saw little to no change.  The worst of it came from my mother who thought I was just a "good for nothing" she said spending all my money and just wasting my life away. That stayed with me to this day. I tried over the years to fix me because I thought the problem was me. I acted out by trying to change my image, thinking if people saw me and how kind and loving I am things would be better. I even tried to look tougher than I was but things did not change. I ended up not being able to trust anyone.', 'It seemed that no one wanted to be kind or civil even to each other I thought. I hid inside myself, my true nature. Only to share it with others who would appreciate it like strangers who smiled as I passed by or said good morning. For the few seconds I got a smile or kind word from a stranger I thought I lived in that moment. As for those who did not I ignored them because as best I could and tried to move on with living.', "Some people thought me to be stuck up or snobby because I ignored them but I was just trying to protect the real me inside for being hurt. Bullying has certainly had an impact on my life. However, after many years I came to the sincere realization of this question that, before I die how would I like to spend my life? I don't want to be living in fear and unhappy for the rest of my human life. So I am making a choice every day to live to the fullest as I can.", 'I think people who are bullies are low self-esteem people who were at one point or the other bullied or belittled themselves and to make themselves feel powerful they do it to others. My advice to people who were or are bullied is to not let yourself turn into that person who bullies others but rise above it and let your love light shine. Let the real you live.', 'Also use the law, policies and whatever tools available to stand up for your right to exist and be a person in this world. You have the right to exist, live and be happy in this world. Also when you have to, speak up and say "No this is not right, stop it. I don\'t deserve this."', "I need to add also that I am a Christian and that God is very real, he hears us when we pray and his Word is real, He cares and He answers prayers and we can find His thoughts and answers on these and many other things in His word. He said seek and he shall find, Knock and the door will be open unto you. God cares. Don't Give up. Find yourself again and live and don't stop living.
I work for a management company that owns 13 hotels, as a manager of one of the hotels.  Twice per year we have 3 day meetings to review policies and company information.', 'I have always felt uncomfortable around one manager in particular because it seems like she makes an effort to cut me off mid-sentence or roll her eyes when I am talking, usually outside the meeting when we are at dinner.', 'The first time I met her she actually presented my idea about a management white water retreat as her own.  I was a little upset but thought it was not worth making a stink about it, so I just let it go, and just made a mental note not to trust her.', "This past week we had our meetings. I felt the same uncomfortableness around her as normal, but this time after the meetings two co-workers came to me individually to tell me how this co-worker took them aside to ask them why they liked me.  They told me she made comments like you don't mind how she bosses you, or don't you find they way she talks to our supervisor in-appropriate?  Both co-workers told me they stood up to her and one even told me she was told by them that she was going to report this to me, as she did.", 'I was also told about an incident at dinner, that same night (by 3 co-workers).  It seems when I excused myself from dinner to get some fresh air, she confronted our supervisor about me in front of the entire group.  I was told she expressed how she felt my conversation with him at the meeting was inappropriate and that I was treating him with no respect.  He apparently told her to let it go at which point she yelled at him "who has your balls in their hand?  Are you going let her carry your balls around like that".  It was said he ignored her, but did not tell her to be quiet.  All three co-workers told me it was very uncomfortable.  At this dinner she also made snide comments to me about my weight and how I need to sit at my seat and eat all my food because I am so skinny.  I again, ignored her and finally got up from the table to get some air, and I guess this is when she made her attack on me.', "I just don't know what to do.  I only see her a couple times per year, but like I said I feel like she is declaring war on me and I am concerned about what she is saying about me to my supervisor (who I have a very good relationship with}.  I really don't understand what I did to make her act this way, so I don't know how to fix it.  We are supposed to have a company Holiday party (overnight) in December and I am already stressing about this.  I just do not want to go.  What should I do?  Please help me..."]
This is the first time in 22 years full time working that I have worked for a public sector company and I've never experienced mobbing like this in any other company. I joined as a temp and got on really well with my supervisor. Worked as a small team then she moved on and the position came up for her job as supervisor.", 'I applied for the position against two other ladies and I got the job. In total I supervise a team of seven. There have been lots of organisational changes and relocation of departments. Two of the ladies have worked there for 21 and 22 years. The rest of the team have all worked there longer than me.  I do not shout or boss. I am a very calm person and I don\'t ask the ladies to do anything I wouldn\'t do myself. Trouble is they just don\'t want to be supervised. I have bent over backwards to do everything for them. One of the ladies made a comment to me about "if you turn into the last supervisor we\'d told you we\'d bring you down".', "I now have five of them against me. Trouble is they are polite and sickly sweet to my face but the atmosphere is the worst that I have ever worked in.  It is so bad with whispering and sly comments it's hard to put your finger on it but they make you feel paranoid and like it's you. All the information available is about supervisors bullying staff but what about staff bullying managers! This is the most stressful environment I've ever been in.
Document the Bullying in a diary that no one knows about:', '1. What time did it happen?', '2. Where did it happen?', '3. Identify the Bully?', '4. What did the Bully say or do?', '5. Who was present?', '6. How did the bullying make you feel?', '7. Tell your Doctor - this will constitute proof that something happened. Just case you end up in court. It will be contemporaneous evidence.', '8. Call Human Resources and document that date and time of the phone call and with whom you spoke.', '9. Make a note in your Diary everytime you ask HR for help.', '10. Get a copy of your Personnel File. It will disappear if you have to go to Court or have a meeting about it. This will also be the only proof that you were a good employee with positives from your Supervisors etc. You will be surprised how quickly it will be said that your work was sub-standard.', "11. Start retraining. If the bullying doesn't stop and only gets worse; your employer and or Managers will not help. You will have to plan for an alternative career. It'snot right that you will have to leave; but you may just have to. Your health is more important than a job.", '12. Finally, if you have to get a Lawyer who has experience in this area of law. With all your documentation, your case will be relatively easy to run.', '13. Do not tell anyone about your Diary notes and the evidence your are gathering.', '14. Stay silent - you will have the upper hand in court when the other employees say you were difficult to get on with and a bad worker. You will have proof to the contrary.', "Sadly, I had to do all of the above. I was a Social Worker. It was what I wanted to do. When I sued my Department, they said I was difficult to work with and always causing trouble. My work reports said the opposite and in fact they made me permanent from a casual. They looked stupid when they had to read their own reports to the Court. My Manager explained to the Court that where he had written I was good; in the public service it was code for bad. He looked stupid. All of my previous co-workers did the same thing; Funnily enough they were not believed. My Department paid me a lot of money for the workplace bullying and harassment. Coincidentally, I found out years later; that the day I received my payout; the Bully got fired. It's called Karma. I retrained as a Lawyer and am doing well. I still have depression; but am well most of the time.", "The Bully's marriage broke down, he lost his job etc. Success is the best revenge.", 'My advice to myself; if being bullied today is to look for another job and leave. I have my own legal practice now and do not have to put up with others jealousy and or bullying.', "Succeed - You can overcome bullying; but it takes time and patience. Don't give up.", 'Anonymous', 'I do not want to give my name for obvious reasons. But I wish you all the best.']
I was bullied. First at home by my Father who inflicted physical pain with the hose, his fists, punches; kicks. He emotionally and psychologically tormented our family. Mum was beaten. Everything was about him. Dad encouraged my elder sister to abuse me and she did and mercilessly so. Dad found it amusing.', 'At school, I seemed to attract the bullies. I was always frightened and always looking over my shoulder. The schoolyard was just a place I could get hit, and or called names. If I complained to a Teacher, the bullies ganged up and said I was lying. The Teachers always believed the majority. I started wagging school. I wanted to die and once drank poison. At work, more bullying.', 'Eventually I had a breakdown and through therapy was able to slowly find the strength to turn my life around. I learned how to stand up for myself and how to say no successfully.', 'The bullies have not faired well in their lives. My life is now great - a professional career, family, friends and now Grandchildren.', 'My advice to Victims, is to report assaults to Police; even if it is happening at school. If they are over 10 years old, they can be charged. Stand up to the bullies.', "I was at a shopping centre recently and someone who knew me; but I could not recall their name came up to me and started abusing me in the supermarket. I very politely invited them to stop and to go away. The bully was furious that I did not remember her. I again asked the bully to go away. Always use a civil tone. When this didn't happen, I called the Police. Finally, the bully learned that her behaviour was inappropriate.", "Don't give up. You have a right to be happy and you should claim that right.", 'All the best.
It all started when two co-workers had a disagreement with their boss, which happens to be my husband. I was targeted as their pawn to get back at him. It started with the two teaming up even though they hated each other and talked about each other in negative ways before this incident. I was no longer told good morning. I always said good morning to them first however. So silence commenced.', 'Then it was subtle things such as blurps here in there about my husband without saying his name outright. Obstacles were put in my direct pathway so I would be forced to move them which I did every time until today. Today I left the box in my path, took several pics of it and made a co-worker and the office manager aware of this. Constant cursing and I am talking the f word, GD and JC and everything in the book. Mind you this is an open office setting. Then music playing that was too loud to concentrate and not to everyone\'s liking (but that was stopped). Gum chewing began and the popping, cracking and blowing of bubbles still continues even after his boss (my husband) asked him to quit... which, after he was gone, followed by a disrespectful comment in the open office of "Wow really, talk about being back in grade school… how immature." and I was thinking that HE was the one who was a child.', 'My husband has been the butt of their disrespectful comments right out in the open as I sit beside them no more than 10 feet apart. I have remained silent until now. My husband however has asked the head boss twice to address this behavior with no success. Some things said were "I am going to send an inner-office email advertising that we need a Project Manager," "he\'s a f***ing retard," "someone needs to start managing this program cuz we have nobody that does that," he\'s an inferior Project Manager, "he doesn\'t even know how to manage," we don\'t deal with managers that are on a team" and just on and on. They threaten him saying things better change around here and I am not gonna take this sh*t and I am gonna tell etc.', "They also go into the head boss's office while we are not around and talk about us. I was called in and told I would be starting to do something new (writing code) because they complained that I was not doing my job. Also they take very expensive equipment and sling it everywhere right after I have put it away. I have cleaned our workshop three times and it would take a cyclone to destroy it the way they have done. Needless to say, I feel victimized and I am certainly harassed and made to feel very uncomfortable in this environment. It is never to my face. It is always when they are together, when they are alone they say and do nothing in my presence. I think this is called mobbing if I am not mistaken.", "They have now painted a picture to the head boss that I am incompetent even though I have been given my tasks and complete them. They use each other to behave in an aggressive and belligerent way. The one also burps and farts without excusing himself and enjoys doing the latter when I am eating my lunch. Tell me: don't you think this is called bullying?
I was beginning to feel like the only person in the world who was aware of the bullying going on in the fast food industry. I was bullied horrifically at the McDonald's that I worked at for five years. I finally quit because I realized that no amount of money is worth the psychological damage that place was doing to me.", "So here's my story: When I first started working at McDonald's, everything was going well. I learned things quickly, my co-workers seemed to like me, and everything was going pretty smoothly. I had a little trouble learning the cash register, because for some weird reason, nobody ever took the time to show me how to use it. Still, I was confident that I would learn at some point. I felt that I was productive in every other function of the job. Also, during the entire five years that I worked there, nobody bothered to train me how to work at the drive-thru teller window. I was still confident that I would learn.", 'Everything went well for 9 months. I was improving at my job and getting more hours. Then the bullying began. It started with one person. She would normally work at the drive-thru teller window. I would normally work at the "presenting" window. She began to nitpick everything I did, telling me to "hurry up" and occasionally would walk up to my face and try to intimidate me by saying, "what are you doing? Just standing there?" I never was. I was always moving around and doing something. I ignored it and continued to do my job the best that I could.', 'Then it got worse. This girl would complain right in front of me saying, "I don\'t want Natalie working at the presenting window. I want someone else. I refuse to work with her." It was embarrassing, but I still ignored it. Then she tried rallying the other co-workers against me by yelling at me in front of everybody, "hurry up, Natalie. You\'re fucking slow. That\'s why we all get bitched at." Or she would say "Watch out for Natalie. She\'s been here a long time and she doesn\'t know what she\'s doing." It was totally not true, and my hours proved that. Still, the other co-workers would giggle with her because they were afraid to stand up to her. The humiliation she kept subjecting me to ended up giving me a bad reputation with my co-workers and managers I worked with.', 'One day, she even threatened to beat me up after my shift because I grabbed "her" ', ' bag that she was using to serve food to front counter, and I used it to assemble the food for drive-thru customers. The bag was empty. It wasn\'t even a big deal. I notified both the shift manager and the head manager that she had threatened to beat me up, and the head manager told me she would "fix the problem." She never told me HOW she fixed the problem. The girl that had it out for me would complain to the managers about me too, and right in front of me, saying that I was a "good worker, but I was slow." People began to look at me in a bad light because of all the public negative attention this girl was giving me.', 'She would make snide remarks to me whenever I worked at the presenting window, saying "oh, you\'re helping me; no wonder my drive-thru times are going up." Or when someone complained the drive-thru times were going up, she would blame it on me. She quit a year later, but her legacy left me with a bad reputation at that place, making my work environment very uncomfortable.', 'Because my work environment was so uncomfortable, I began to make more mistakes, I would experience extreme anxiety while working, and my confidence began to drop. This, of course, affected my work. It\'s very difficult to function in a place where you feel like no one wants or respects you, and are scoffing at every move you make. It was like this girl had started a disease that spread through all the co-workers. They would ask me rude questions like "are you pregnant?" and then laugh. It was so embarrassing! I would feel tears come to my eyes, and I would have to fake that I was sick and go home because I didn\'t want people to see me crying while I was working.', 'My hours became unbearably LAME. To the point of where I was only working about 4 hours a week. My co-workers treated me like I was incompetent and stupid. They laughed at me, they gossiped about me, they humiliated me in public. I would try so hard, and it seemed like no matter what I did, I always made some kind of mistake, according to them. One girl would say something rude to me and then look at their friend and they both would laugh. When new food or new equipment was introduced into the workplace, nobody ever told me about it or trained me how to do it. I was always left out.', 'At our annual Christmas party gift exchange, someone always "forgot" my gift, while I always spent about $20 getting someone else a gift. No one cared, of course. People blamed things on me that I didn\'t even do, like burning the meat or chicken, and would punish me by sending me home early. and when they discovered I didn\'t do it, they wouldn\'t even apologize. When I would ask my manager a question, she would roll her eyes at me, and always made me feel stupid for even coming to her with a question. It was a nightmare. I dreaded going to work. I was barely working any hours, and I still dreaded going to work.', 'During my performance reviews we had every 6 months, my manager would ask me illegal personal questions about whether or not I was pregnant, and how much money my husband makes. None of that is relevant to my work performance. Things got so bad at my job, I dipped into the bad habit of drinking heavily the night before my shift just so I could sleep at night. I was always wondering what rude comment was going to be hurled at me next and whether or not I was going to feel hurt or humiliated. After five years of this kind of abuse, you gradually began to think that you deserve it.', "Even eight months after I quit, I am still traumatized by everything I went through while working at that place. I realize now that nobody deserves to be treated like that at their job. And if they are treated like that, it makes a very unproductive work environment for everybody, not just that person. I definitely think there should be a law against workplace bullying. I believe if it's done to someone over a long period of time, it can cause them permanent psychological damage. My advice to anyone else dealing with a similar situation like this is never to put up with anyone, no matter who they are, making you feel inferior or incompetent. Stand up to them, and do it respectfully. Go to Human Resources if you have to. Don't accept that kind of treatment from anybody, especially in your work environment!"]
After reading so many of the stories, I too feel compelled to share mine. I worked for the same nonprofit for almost 6 years. After the first year, I was promoted from the Receptionist to the Office Manager position.', "The ED, for reasons I still don't understand, became adamant that I wanted her job. It became a serious case of paranoia that fuelled triangulation. She would call other staff members, including work-training staff members, into her office and interrogate them as to what I might be saying about her. I hadn't been saying anything. After several attempts to assure her I was not interested in being the ED, it got worse. I even made it clear to the board of directors I had no interest in being the ED. ", "It wasn't enough. Every year, the staff was asked to submit an a review of the director. In hindsight, this was a big mistake on my part. I gave a very truthful review in the best interest of the organization. I won't give details of what was in the review. However, I did reiterate I was not interested in being the ED. Two of the items in the review prompted a full investigation by the board. Afterward, the professionals on the board, such as attorneys, business people etc., resigned, some  immediately, some later.", "Making a very long story short, my duties were stripped to practically nothing, I was not allowed to talk to any other staff member AT ALL or be fired, she criticized my clothes, my eating habits, my friends, and my family - including my 70-something year old mother. I sat in my office for 8 hours a day doing mostly nothing. The nonprofit is in a right to work state where an employer can pretty much fire you because they want too. The ED would constantly play the staff against each other, continuing the triangulation in the office and roped the board into the situation. It got to the point where I didn't know who to believe was telling the truth. After a year of this, I went on vacation and when I returned I was informed by the ED that my position had been eliminated due to lack of funding. I was told the board had voted on this. Later, I was told the board had not voted on it, that she had made the decision on her own and convinced the board to go along with it. ", 'She gave me a continued employment agreement that would extend my position for several months, once she realized I was the only FT employee she had. Thankfully, there was an out for me, and I was able to find new employment within about a month. I gave her my two weeks notice and moved on. So, I thought. ', "Now, I find I am having trouble developing trusting relationships with my new co-workers. I am cautious with every word, choosing words carefully and feeling like I am walking on egg shells all the time. I'm constantly worried my new boss is going to turn on me at any moment. I'm slowly beginning to recover, but I know it's definitely going to take time."]
I have worked for the financial company for 20 years. I work directly under the owner.  During this time he has said thank you maybe five times.  He talks to me like I'm his wife.  My husband jokingly told him one day to get his own wife. With the job market what it is I'm afraid to do anything but nod my head and agree.  He is also politically involved and tells me, you think this is hard make them do it for free, you'll learn to manipulate them.  You don't speak to him unless you are spoken to.", 'The other day he used the wrong log in for a transaction and I sent him an email reminding him of the new process. He replied back to me "by the way don\'t ever send me an email like this again. You should congratulate the employee on the sale and not worry about the operations"  this is hard for me to swallow because he never tells anyone good job. I am the cheerleader of the company, I am the rock that holds alot of the employees there.', '4 years ago all wage increases were stopped and nothing since. I personally at  that time stopped receiving all bonuses of 10k a year. I am the highest paid employee and always walk on egg shells worried about losing my job. I give 110%, never sick or late, always helping the company find more profit, and stepping in to do what is needed.', "I'm so frustrated.
Australia needs federal anti-bullying legislation to ensure that bullying is a punishable offence sending a clear message to the bullying culture within Australian schools and workplaces. Currently victims and targets of bullying in schools and the workplace are forced to rely mostly on occupational health and safety or personal injury laws, which do not address bullying directly, making it necessary link it to other behaviours such as sexual harassment, discrimination or injury. Although there is various legislation used to address bullying in schools and the workplace, it is complicated and expensive and can take many years to achieve an outcome.', 'This can be a daunting outlook for victims who are already suffering emotionally and psychologically and can contribute to them being unable or unwilling to take legal action. Bullying thrives when victims and bystanders ‘do nothing.’ Legislation is needed that clearly defines and exposes bullying, allowing victims to seek urgent court orders to stop bullying conduct. Attaching jail terms to clearly defined bullying behaviours would deter many perpetrators, reducing the impact bullying is having on Australian society and economy.
I'm being bullied by a two headed snake. My doctor suggested that I avoid the bully as much as possible due to my pre-existing health issue, PTSD. So I only converse with the bully on work related matters.", 'Am I wrong not to participate in personal conversations with the  bully?', 'Am I wrong to sometimes bring a friend/co-worker in a coffee and not the bully?', "Am I wrong to have stopped saying 'good morning' to the bully after the bully never replied or acknowledged me, day after day?", 'Am I wrong for feeling threatened by the "B"? Do I have to pretend like I like "B", because I\'m not like that. That\'s being \'two faced\', like a snake. That\'s not me.', 'Am I wrong that I speak or am friends with other co-workers that have felt "B\'s" raft(they\'re aren\'t many who haven\'t)?', 'Is it wrong to support one other when "B" strikes at one of us or that we\'ve tried together to figure this problem out ourselves, unsuccessfully because the boss isn\'t any help.', 'After talking with my boss (who the bully tried to get fired) Boss seemed helpful/concerned, now just says to ignore "B". Boss just starts rolling eyes at us and says things like \'just because you don\'t like "B". Now "B" is accusing us of bullying! It went to HR ("B" took it) and it got thrown out. Why? Bully has history of this kind of behavior."We\'re familar with \'B\'". We\'re all told to \'just let it go, ignore "B", try to get along. That was it, nothing has changed.', 'I\'m not a mean person. I don\'t like to do mean things to people. I even feel bad at the thought of the bully feeling bullied by me/us. Before I started avoiding "B" I did try talking to "B", it didn\'t work, made things worse. I stupidly told "B" about my sickness. "B" seemed so concerned, I fell for it. Now "B" uses my PTSD triggers against me. I\'ve had to leave work it got so bad.', 'I don\'t know how to proceed. I don\'t trust the bully. I shake around "B". I dream of "B". It\'s awful. It\'s controlling me.', 'A small example of "B". A co-worker brought me a coffee as a thank you. "B" said to worker "Where\'s mine? Why don\'t you ever bring me one?" Worker brought "B" one in the next day, told me "I was scared "B" would go after me if I didn\'t, it\'s easier this way."', 'Am I a bully for not bringing "B" a coffee? Did I do something wrong by adhering to my morals/standards? I\'ve never told anyone not to talk to "B". When asked about "B" I tell co-workers, I don\'t have a problem with "B" and drop the subject. I do feel awful that this is going on, I can\'t believe I\'m part of it, why, how? The work environment is toxic. How do I protect myself from "B"? And I\'m really angry, hurt and confused that I might be a bully too. It makes me sick to my stomach to think I am.', 'So Confused.
My boss is a lawyer. Part of my job as a legal assistant is to make sure that the firm's settled cases get moved along in a timely manner so that the proceeds can get disbursed to the client and to the firm. Before we can get the settlement check mailed to us, our procedure states that the attorney on the file is required to write a three sentence settlement memo and post it to the file. I asked my boss at least three times to do the required attorney memo on a particular file that had settled. The boss did not get around to doing the memo. I sent him multiple messages to please write the memo, and also met with him in person about it. He told me that he would take care of it.", 'Two months went by without him writing the memo; I sent him another message, and had another meeting with him about it. Again he said he would do it, but after a week, still no memo. He said that he is "too busy with his case load" to take care of it.', "Thinking that we could get help to get this done, I messaged the office manager asking her what to do to get the settlement check if boss keeps forgetting to do the required attorney memo. I cc'd my boss on the message to let him know that I was inquiring about getting help. He flipped out, said that none of his other girls would have done that to him, and if I ever did that again, then he wouldn't work with me (an ultimatum?).", 'I told him that I had been frustrated by his lack of response to my requests, and felt threatened by his ultimatum. He said that I was untrustworthy, and only interested in getting my own work done. He asked to have me removed from all of his files.  I suggested that he document his files better so that his staff has a clue what he is doing with them and he yelled "who do you think you are! I am an attorney! you are not my boss! Get out of my office!"', 'He said that what I did to him was not cool. He is the one who lost it.']
My bully is a 'attention seeker' with 'gatekeeper' and 'serial' bullying tendencies. I suppose not being her only victim is a little comfort, in that I know it's not just me but I worry for others. My bosses (and above them) know about this, they fear her too. My union knows about her (she tried to get one of them for sexual harassment) She's smart in the way she does little things that have no witness or don't amount to anything big, making you look like your picking on her, like I'm the bully! I stopped reporting. Before the bullying I was diagnosed with PTSD, work related injury. After an accommodation I now have the pleasure working with her side by side. She has shoved me. She does things knowing it exacerbates my symptoms. Now she herself causes me to have flashbacks of my injury. I had to leave work, burning all my sick time. Insurance companies are bullies to; hoping you'll just return to work or quit or even better, jump off a bridge! There is no protection or recourse. I'm at the point of losing my house. This is taking over my life. I'm unable to function 'normally' anymore. Always looking over my shoulder. I'm seeing doctors, etc. but it's not helping. Because of this my family is suffering too. I'm not the same person anymore. My question is what real choices are out there for us? I need to make decisions and I need real options.", 'What now?', ' ', '
From The Age, Melbourne, September 7, 2011', "Victorian Attorney-General Robert Clark is preparing a proposal to urge other states and territories to emulate a recent criminal law reform, known as Brodie's Law. introducing jail terms of up to 10 years for serious bullying.", 'Hospitality worker Brodie Panlock, 19, was bullied at work before she killed herself in 2006. Since then, her parents, Rae and Damien Panlock, have led a push for tougher anti-bullying laws nationally', 'Mr Clark said he would like to submit a briefing on the merits of nationally consistent laws to the next meeting of state and federal attorneys-general in November.', 'FARAN FAROUQUE.
My manager could not stand me. I got fed up with her and my supervisors treatment of me. I was friends with my ex manager and everytime we spoke on our breaks, I noticed how my current manager and supervisor leered at us. My manager friend is male, I am female. I finally had enough and called our ethics hotline. Within days my friend was advised to no longer speak to me. He lost his office and I almost lost my job.', "We were only platonic friends. I was removed from work by corporate security. I was sent for a psychological evaluation and finally forced to go on disability. To this day I don't know all the details. I am basically being accused of harassing and stalking my friend. All this is completely fabricated by my supervisor and manager. The company never validated my complaint.", 'I am depressed about the situation. But I did hire two excellent attorneys and hope to one day return to normalcy. The only thing I can say is if things get so bad at work maybe look for another job.
I started working with this woman about 4 years ago. She was not in charge then and there were only 4 of us in our work area. Our supervisor got transferred upstairs and made her in charge and then the fun started. My friend who worked there with me was her primary target for a long time. There would be things thrown, yelling, stomping around, cussing and so on. The supervisor was aware of all this and thought it was cute like Ralphie in the Christmas Story. My friend couldn't take it anymore and got lucky and transferred to another job in the company.", "This left me with a big bullseye on my chest. She hadn't liked me from the get go and started a campaign of criticism and picking that was so noticeable that my co workers would mention it when she wasn't around. She had me called up to my supervisors office anywhere between 5 to 10 times in one year, for every little thing imaginable. I was called upstairs for not being talkative enough, for mentioning that I hated my job on my Facebook page even though my workplace was not listed (she printed off the page so she could take it upstairs), called upstairs because of numerous things that I can't even recall. It was constant.", 'She refused to talk to me at all. She would ask the other two to go get some lunch as a group but never myself. It was always a planned attack. She would randomly yell at me for not liking how I did my timecard or what time I came and went though she left whenever she wanted and it was okay. Every time I went to my supervisor, she would tell this woman exactly what was said and I would get attacked. I was under the constant threat of being called out to be attacked for whatever reason.', 'She had her friend complain about me not liking his sexual persuasion when I said nothing about the disgusting talk about his sex life went on. There was so much sexual talk, cussing and basic privacy violations that went on that it was ridiculous. I barely could stand to go into work and could only relax when she was out. I looked forward to her vacations. She told me that it was all my fault; that I took things too personal but there was no let up with this woman.', "I finally realized that it wasn't going to get any better. I couldn't deal with it anymore. I finally went back to school and quit this job. I feel like a failure; like I let her win but I valued my life too much to stay. Once I am able to get some money coming in from whatever I can find, I will be a lot happier. I am happier just knowing that I don't have to go back there again."]
For 2 1/2 years I worked for a woman dentist in northwest PA, during this time I witnessed and experienced the most cruel, manipulative, evil behavior thrusted on employees that I have ever seen in my 20+ years as a working woman. I was warned by one of her peers before I ever met this woman, but I was in desperate need of a job. I had sent an unsolicited resume and when I went in for the interview she did not even look at me, she just asked me to come in the next day for a working interview. Alot of people do not come back after a working interview because this woman cannot control herself for any length of time and her true colors come out quickly. I however as a hygienist, worked with the hygienist I would be replacing, and she was pretty nice.', 'I was offered the job before the end of the work day and when  asked how much I wanted, I stated ($), she stated 3.00 an hour lower and said she would raise me up to ($) (what hygienists in the Erie area were making at the time), after 90 days. I later found out that this is routine for her. She offers a raise and benefits after 90 days, THEN after 90 days, when asked for what was promised, the employee is told they are not good enough and are screamed at, berated and belittled throughout the meeting. If an employee tries to talk and stick up for themselves, they are headed off with the most evil glare and told not to back talk.', "One of the first incidents for me was while answering the phone (it was not allowed to ring over 2x before being answered or else), the secretary couldn't get to the phone so I answered and was taking info from a patient, the tyrant, as I will call her from now on, was hitting the buzzer for me. When I got off the phone she came looking for me and started screaming at me for not coming when she called, when I tried to explain that I was in the middle of taking info from a patient on the phone, she stopped me in mid sentence and told me she did not take any excuses when she says jump you better jump. That was my second week of work.", 'Im just going to give a couple incident examples, but this kind of behavior went on hourly throughout the work day. Another incident that will explain what kind of person she is. The assistant had worked through her lunch (happened a lot), and about 3pm she asked the tyrant if she could just step into the break room and take a drink of her water, well when she came back, tyrant noticed that she had also taken a bite off a granola bar and started telling her, I TOLD YOU THAT YOU COULD GET A DRINK, NOT EAT!!! Controlling???', 'We, the clinical staff, were not permitted to talk to one another, go to the bathroom without permission (which you did not want to ask because she made you feel pathetic for asking) I got caught going to the bathroom and had to stand there as a 47 yr old woman and justify it by saying I have fibroids and it hurt to hold it.', "I am sooo mad writing all this, cause I cannot believe I let it go on and did not stand up for myself and other affected co-workers at the time. (I eventually did, I'll get into that later)", "Other incidents, staff was yelled at and blamed for doing everything wrong, then told to punch out and go sit in the breakroom and think about what you do wrong. Daily talked to like a child being scolded. Myself and one other staff lasted 2.5 years, 13 others left over that time, they were girls in their 20's and we were in our 40's. The 20 year olds did not have families to support so they only took it for a few weeks, then quit.", 'The tyrant took 4-5 weeks a year off and either drastically cut our hours or did not schedule us at all, however, we knew enough not to apply for unemployment or her mistreatment would increase, one bold girl did apply and when the tyrant got back, she took this brave young woman into her office and chewed her out for 15 minutes. Later that day, the bold young woman walked out the door. Most of the girls walked out in the middle of the work day or just simply did not show up after lunch or for the next business day.', 'The tyrant makes up rules on the fly, to justify her tirades. We would get to laughing at lunch (to try to stay sane you had to laugh) because yesterday you were told to do something this way and the next day that way was wrong. Can anyone say CRAZY! Unrealistic demands always placed on us, told us to make dentures and partials fit a patient, when the cheap out of state dental lab she used, made them wrong in the first place. Fitting them, by law, is not OUR job. Oh let me tell you, us girls were so good at filling and building up broken teeth, it was amazing. All the while the tyrant sat on her butt in her office playing games on Facebook.', 'We dreaded children coming into office, they are not the most compliant of patients and when they did not want to sit still in the dental chair, instruments flew, assistants  hands and forearms were grabbed and shoved, it was all our fault the little ones did not comply. Supply ordering day was hell, we were always accused of being wasteful and it was stated that she was going to take money out of our checks. We were made to wear the same dirty mask all day. Can anyone say cheapskate!', "Speaking of money, neither one of us, the staff that stayed for over 2 years, EVER got a raise, we stayed at the before 90 day promise. We heard from ex employees that she never gave raises and if you insisted on a cost of living or anything, she made your work days so miserable, you quit. The assistant that quit 3 months after I started had been there for about a year and a half, she was so confident in her work, remember, the tyrant was lazy and made the assistant do most of the work, that she respectfully insisted on a raise. After that, the OTHER brave young woman was told to leave the room every time the tyrant stepped into it, told to clock out and go home early, told not to come in at all some days, just made this young lady's life a living hell.", "Fast forward 2 years, this evil woman has taken her toll and our lives, myself and the other lady who stayed for over 2 years, I started therapy with a wonderful christian therapist, and I watched as my co-worker dropped over 30 pounds and was not allowed to have a life outside of work, absolutely no exaggeration, she was not permitted to leave the office. until the tyrant LET her. I watched as this lady miss family things, appointments ect. There is not one reasonable bone in this tyrant, and she did not care if this mom was at the office for 10 hours already that day, she was not permitted to leave if asked to be able to go to her child's baseball games or such.", 'March of 2011, The tyrant was on another one of her vacations, I believe it was March 11, my scheduled day off and the 2 assistants were off also, it was a Friday. A patient called to say a crown came off, the office manager called all of us to see if we would come in and put it back on, there was a snow storm, which cause Erie city to announce a state of emergency. Two of us live about 30 min away and we did not feel obligated to do her any favors and drive in. Upon returning, the tyrant had it out for us, after all, we said no to the all mighty herself.', 'There was no holding back after that. We were treated with such contempt, disrespect in front of the patients, a person cannot fully describe the behavior of a grown adult who acts like a spoiled bully child. When asked by people why I did not stand up to her, you are in shock and do not know how to respond to such childish behavior by an adult, a person is utterly dumbfounded. We all put up with the non-stop scream fest, blame games and such, by the week of April 5, we dropped like flies, one by one we all walked out in one week.']
I have 2 bosses (owners of the company), one is super nice and the other just plain bully that hates his life. The thing is that this guy, let\'s call him Napoleon, bullies everyone. He fights and yells at everyone including his partner (company partner). He even yells at our clients, which some of them left. One time he just started ranting about how "people like me" are the cause of this whole housing market crash. So I asked him, what do you mean by "people like me" and he said that people like me who cant afford a home and now have to bail banks out because of me. I was so shocked of what he was saying that I could not even say anything back. BTW, this was said in front of other employees. I was so upset that I stormed out. My other boss wants to work things out with the rest of the employees that he hired a consultant to talk to us but she was no help. As a matter of fact she told them that she can\'t help because the other boss will not admit that things he does are mean. So they hired another consultant. It was still the same as a matter of fact it had gotten worse. There was even a time when he grabbed my hair to sit me down. This went on for four years and finally I could not take it anymore so I quit. Tried filing for unemployment and they denied me because it said that I did not explore all reasonable solutions before I quit. I want to appeal but for hostile environment but I am not sure how strong my case is. I really hate this guy. I just hope KARMA comes back to him hard.']
I have been an exceptional worker.  I help out and go the extra mile doing what I love.  There has been many times when I would even promote the company that I work for on personal time, without pay.  I am optimistic, caring, an achiever based on my own merits.  I rise above gossip and take pleasure in assisting people in achieving their financial goals.  I have been a high performer at my job.  I help out my colleagues and try to see the best in everyone.  Well, these are the traits that have designated me as a target at the credit union that I work for.', "It's sad to say that if it wasn't for my past successes, the malicious gossip that goes around describes me as a do nothing, non-contributor, that sucks in all the precious air and takes up space.  My love affair with my job ended when a contract worker from the call centre came in to take up a position for a fulltimer on mat leave.  She was arrogant from the beginning.  Since I had just started my position, she felt that I didn't deserve to be there.", 'She would go to the branch manager and tell her false things about my performance.  I saw that it was having an affect on the branch manager.  As a strategy, I made sure that with each success I included the branch manager as a contributor to them.  This seemed to alleviate the problem as the branch manager took a liking to me and validated my accomplishments.  However, the branch manager would also reward the colleague with recognition by giving her rewards for 4 appointments.  Or giving her a day off for a credit referral.  Even giving her 3 days off for bereavement, the cat was run over by a car.  This disgusted me, but I continued my work.', 'This colleague started to bad mouth me behind my back to other colleagues.  Those who were in the same field as I hated the fact that I was a rising star in such a short period of time and sided with her.  Other colleagues stood silently by as they feared they would be targets or were simply indifferent to the going-ons around them.  The clique threw whatever crap that they could find in my direction. This included talking about my clothes and weight to stealing referrals.  I approached my branch manager about this, but she did nothing.', 'Well the girl did something to peeve my branch manager and eventually resigned.  Occasionally she would come back to ignite further hate towards me by visiting her cohorts.  Despite their tauntings and sabotage, I still flourished.', 'It was to the point that I surpassed in sales by 3 million dollars.  The credit union were looking for people who had their mutual funds license, I was one that had mine.  I went into training before those who had longer service and did not have theirs.  More malicious gossip ensued.  I was nominated for an award to represent the credit union, this is where it started to get really bad.  The branch manager turned on me, stating that I was no help to her.  I asked where this was coming from, of which there was no reply.', 'Next I would be badgered in my monthly coaching meetings.  When I asked questions I on they would like me to do my job, I was told I am there to answer their questions, not to ask them.  I was falsely blamed for problems I was not apart of.  Getting an override on a cheque or any other transaction became an issue.  On my performance review they blamed me for not asking for more one on ones to supervise my performance despite the fact that my manager was not there for 3 months.', "Next the branch manager is calling for me loudly around the branch, despite knowing that I would be away from my desk to complete a mutual funds deal or on a teleconference clearly noted on my schedule.  In our team huddles I watched as other colleague get away with murder, like not pulling credit bureaus (a fundamental part of knowing your client/member) or making mistakes that warrant disciplinary action - but when I ask to get an exception for an item that requires a manager's signature I am told that I need to do a tutorial on how to open accounts.  When I do the tutorial, I am interrupted repeatedly.", 'Quickly, I realised that the branch manager and others were purposely humiliating me. Since then it has gotten much worse.  To the point that I have used up my vacation, personal time off, and sick days to get away from the abuse.  Just yesterday, I bore witness to how the branch manager would give everyone examples and resources, but deliberately refused me of those same resources.  The branch manager also received a complaint from a client, not directly about me but as a result of another representative leaving the credit union and refused to tell me what it was about.  I had told her that I had to meet compliance by knowing what it is so I can tell the compliance manager for mutual funds.  I was still refused.  What she is doing is affecting my performance on the job. ', "The branch manager and my immediate manager have deliberately stopped me from assisting other members/clients stating I can now only deal with those whose combined assets is $25K and under, yet allow colleagues in the same bracket to deal with those over $25k.  The branch is declining in traffic, there is not as many sales to be had and the branch manager doesn't get off her ass to do a local area campaign.  There never seems to be a budget for these things.", 'When a colleague does not make a sale, nothing is said.  However, if I do not make a sale I am told that I should learn the art of communication and not to "grill" the clients.  When I ask, what is meant nothing else is said.  Also, there is now a problem that I am using the phone \'too" much.  When I asked what is "too much"?  There is no response.  I have even had my immediate manager stand over my shoulder literally as I am servicing a member over the phone.  I have had health problems as a result.  These people are disgusting and I hope they get what they deserve!
My husband was mobbed at work. This began almost 6 years ago. My husband moved to a new job. He was fast tracked through a power plant due to his experience and in 3 months was a shift engineer. This did not sit well with his co-workers, some of whom had been there 20 years and thought they should have gotten that position.', "A group of Stan's (husbands made up name) co-workers got together and decided to give him a hard time on a daily basis. When the harassment first started Stan tried to talk to the plant manager about it. The plant manager was in complete denial. This man listened to the radio all day long and had to have heard the stuff that was being said and the invitations to physical violence and did nothing. ", 'Although his behavior at home was deteriorating, Stan coped at work as he was able to get away from the situation on his days off. When they became short handed and Stan had to start working 12 hour days 7 days a week he had a complete break-down. He had it out with the assistant manager, walked off the job and never went back.', "His doctor put him on state disability for the next year. Stan slept for the next 6 months. Months 6 through 12 he was able to stay up for a couple of hours at a time. It took a couple of years before he could stay awake all day. In the mean time we had gone though his year's disability and the 1/4 year unemployment the state allowed him (after working steadily for 30 years). The stock market had taken a huge drop and his 401K wasn't worth much anymore, but it was all we had. That got spent over the next year. He eventually went to work in a paint store. He found himself in a situation with a co-worker that was a bully. She was very manipulative and knew how to set him up for trouble and he wouldn't even realize what had happened until he came home and relayed the events of the day. This lasted 6 months. He once again tried to talk to his employer to no avail. His employer's were scared of losing this women because of her knowledge in the industry even though customers had complained about her. Stan saw the end coming and quit before they could fire him. ", "Stan went into another depression. We can't make our monthly expenses on my paycheck and started using credit cards. The feeling was that Stan had always worked and would return to work soon. That has not happened. We are now over-burdened with debt and Stan can't find work. He got his truck driver's license and can't find employment because everyone wants experience. He is 55, gained a lot of weight during his depressive episodes and he faces rejection at every employment turn. ", 'When he first left the power plant, I read the book "Mobbing in the Workplace". I thought I could stand by Stan and handle this. I really felt that we could get through this together. ', "Stan is doing better emotionally than he has since before this roller coaster started and I am a wreck. I get up 5 days a week, pull my self together and go to work. I have weekend days where I suffer complete despair and can't get out of bed. I am tired and don't want to do this anymore. I now have panic attacks and am suicidal. ", 'If I ever talked to another woman in this situation, I would tell her to get out of the relationship and run as fast as she could.', 'The toll this has taken is unimaginable. Broke and destitute is not how I imagined these years. I imagined more joy when I finally had grandchildren (got 3 in 6 weeks this year). ', 'Bullying/mobbing takes its toll on the whole family. Its cost runs the gamut from financial, relationships, physical health and mental health. There needs to be protections against this type of behavior everywhere in society and not just against protected classes of people.', "Mobbing has ruined our life. At our age employers don't want to take a chance, don't want to spend money training and don't care. The only solace I have right now is that if something happens to me, he will have enough to live on for a while.
I was hired at a non-profit in Pepper Pike, OH in 2008 as the IT Director.  My very long road began when my employer directed me to implement file system security that made confidential patient information available to non-medical employees of the organization. When my superiors insisted that I act in manner not consistent with HIPAA and, in effect, directing me to break the law, I filed notice with the department of health.  I was demoted, had my pay cut, was forced to work in a small closet and finally termination of my employment resulted and then legal actions were pursued.  Shortly after the legal actions began, my now former employer began accusing me of hacking into their systems and performing various activities.  My attorney in the civil case determined that it would be too expensive to continue because he would need to also defend me on the criminal side.  Several months later the dissolution of the civil suits on both sides was negotiated. The settlement implied that each party would drop all actions against the other; however, I was unaware that attorneys for my former employer had filed a related criminal complaint against me, charging me with unauthorized use of property/computer system. Several months later, I found myself being indicted on 5 felony counts and had to hire a criminal attorney.  You'll find that most criminal attorney's want anywhere from 10k-50k retainers.  I was lucky enough to find one that only wanted $2500.  The indictment has been some learning experience.  After being indicted and a pretrial date set, I had to go downtown to the courthouse.  Once at the court house you sit there for hours only to find out that they are postponing and setting the pretrial for another date or they offer you a plea bargain.  These pretrial dates may be a week, two weeks, or a month later and sometimes you don't know until a couple days before and the court system expects you to stop your life and run down there.  After going down to the court house for almost a year and turning down several plea offers, I agreed to plead to a misdemeanor offense of attempted access, not because I was guilty but for the following reasons:", ' ', '1.  The prosecution was not acknowledging the new evidence presented by the defense. ', '2.  I could not afford the cost of a trial, which I was told would be well over $10,000 in legal fees', '3.  The sentence on the misdemeanor plea of attempted access would be limited to 6 months parole, fines around $200, and judgment could be expunged after 1 ½ years.', "4.  I felt it wasn't fair to my new employer to keep postponing major projects so I could spend time in court", '5.  I had received a call from my mother that morning informing me that her doctor thought she had cancer', 'After the plea had been entered and while waiting for sentencing I spent many hours going through the actual evidence that had been turned over to the Court by my attorney in my defense.  This evidence showed that my former employer and attorney instructed Information Systems contractors from a third party to hack into my personal home systems on several occasions and that my former employer was destroying evidence that I could have used to prove I was innocent. ', 'Returning for the actual sentencing which was a month later and finding out that my former employer was pulling invoices out of his closet and that the actual monetary award was going to be several thousand and that I would be paying my former employers attorney fees in the amount of $3,775, I wanted to let the judge know what was actually in the evidence and to withdraw the plea but was told not to say anything and that it was too late.  During the sentencing the judge listed all kinds of reasons to appeal.  I had my attorney file the appeal immediately after which cost another $2k.  My attorney did not appeal everything like he was supposed to; he only appealed the amount my former employer was awarded for re-securing their desktops which was around $2,400 and the appeal was won.  I never have gotten a response as to why he did not appeal everything.  After winning the appeal the judge issued a resentencing date.', "During the plea the Court determined that the dissolution agreement for the civil actions did not cover criminal activity so I went to my local Parma police station with the evidence to file a police report.  The local police station turned me away for 2 weeks and I finally told them I was not leaving until I filed a report.  After the report was filed it was sent to the Parma prosecutor who told me it was definitely a criminal offence but he wasn't sure how to write it up and I would have to find someone to help him.  I called the county prosecutor's office several times and was told that this was not normal procedure and the prosecutor has a point of contact if he has questions.  I related this info to the Parma prosecutor and his response was that there were over 145 prosecutors and he was not going to call.  This back and forth went on for almost 8 months.  I then went to the FBI and spoke with an agent.  The FBI Agent then spoke with the Parma prosecutor and the FBI agent and I thought it was going to be sent down to the county.  When I continued to get the run around I took the Parma prosecutors responses, which were in sms text to my phone and wrote a letter to the Parma law director, mayor and various other city officials.  Within 3 or 4 days the Parma prosecutor had spoke with a county prosecutor and sent the information down.  In the mean time, I also filed a report with the Ohio Attorney General and the Federal Trade Commission and Office of Disciplinary Counsel.  ", "I have sent many letters to the prosecutor that was contacted at the county level and the county prosecutor's office is well aware of these activities and so far has not even made an acknowledgement nor has contacted the FBI.  The FBI is willing to help out in an investigation.  All of the letters I have sent were mailed with either return signature or registered mail.", "During this process of trying to get charges filed against my accusers I was informed by the FBI that if there was not a direct monetary cost related to their activities then there is no crime.  With the appellate court's decision, my former employer has no direct related cost, however, I do.  Therefore, I feel that if the prosecutor's office is not going to file charges against my former employer and its representatives for what they did then this case against me which I plead to attempted access should be reversed and dismissed.   I plan on telling this to the judge next time I see her but with the very tight relationship my former employer has with the county prosecutor's office, I doubt anything will be rectified.  I've been trying to find an attorney that would initiate the criminal charges against my former employer since the county prosecutor's office is totally avoiding this and so far it all comes down to money.  If you have thousands of dollars to spend then you can get justice, otherwise you are just screwed.  ", 'I had a feeling something was up with my current employer when they started asking me for passwords then about having a security assessment.  I now have confirmation that my former employer is speaking to my current CEO, and has given her an earful.  I only have an idea of the lies he would be telling her and with the way the system is setup, one really has no protection.  I only hope that my CEO is smart enough to be able to tell that this guy is a vindictive sociopath snake. ', 'If anyone has any ideas of what I could do???
I'm being attacked by the receptionist at my job. She's tracking every day I'm sick and late on her desk calendar where everyone can see it. ", "She's emailing me and copying the boss on the emails. Today she emailed me and said she was sorry she knocked on my door, but she didn't realize I was on the phone until I YELLED at her and she copied the boss on the email. I didn't yell at her. She's being mean to her supervisor. She's the office gossip and tattletale. The boss won't do anything about her. What can we do? ", "I think she even turned me in to animal control for having too many dogs and that could have completely devastated me if my pets were taken away. I've decided to have NOTHING to do with her so I've been staying away from her and now she copies my boss on emails like that. Since I didn't respond, about an hour later she sends me ANOTHER email and copies the boss, saying that I have not responded to her.
I have worked for a college for five years.  The first two years were good; really good and I thought I had found the place from which I would retire.', 'Then he, that Director, was promoted to Dean in another functional area of the college and I was left to run the entire department by myself with no time for training and one campus and one off campus center to cover. I did it, but it was two extra hours every day.', "A new director came in a year later.  Her first conversation was that she wasn't here to make friends.  Her second comment was that people at her former college said that she hurt people's feelings.  (Okay... you starting to see this picture?)", "I would guess that my director is 20 years younger than I and we are a department of two, she and me.  That's it.", 'She slams her door when she is angry.  At one point she was angry with me about something and did not speak to me for six weeks.  She has not spoken to a Director at another campus since April (four months ago) because she is peeved at her.', 'She says I talk about her to everyone.  This is not true.', 'This June, with no warning, she gave me an unsatisfactory rating based upon "failure to control my written and oral communications."  She says my e-mails are nasty.  I have saved 700 e-mails and I can\'t understand how she could say any of them are aggressive.  I can\'t go above her because her Dean thinks she\'s wonderful because my director is a mole who tells on everyone when she perceives they said or did something wrong.', "Leaving is not an option.  I am 59 years old and the job market is impossible for someone at that age.  I have to survive at least another year, but I now have all the symptoms of stress.  HR says it's between me and my supervisor.", 'I have an appointment with my counselor and my doctor today to see what to do about the stress and if I can at least get a short term disability.', 'I cry for hours every Sunday night.']
I started an apprenticeship at an engineering firm in 1998 at a place where my mother also worked, my first few years went without a hitch working onsite with other service engineers, but one day it was decided I would work on one type of machinery and would work with two younger engineers who were experts on this particular type of machinery.', 'From that moment on my life was made a living hell, name calling and bulling. Also one of the engineers I was working with knew me as a child and I was very overweight as a child which led to other jibes including abuse about getting a vasectomy because I was that useless.', 'For another 4 years I spent dreading getting up and going to work but as I had a home and gf to support I was terrified of quitting or leaving my job and being unable to pay my mortgage.', 'When my work started to slip and the only two people I could call for help were my worst enemies, my employer arranged a disciplinary meeting to discuss my "poor performance", I broke down in tears and told my employer the situation that the people that were meant to be nurturing me were really bullying me and setting me up on regular occasions and laughing behind my back but the only solution was to move me to a different area.', 'I felt trapped and alone as every engineer seemed to support the 2 people in question which I feel maybe down to the fact my mother was very disliked within the company.', 'In 2007 I finally left the company and took the first job I could find which was a lot less money and more hours, gf left me and I nearly lost my house as I was struggling to keep up repayments but I battled on slowly moving up the ladder getting a better job and pay and a new gf which I now have a beautiful baby boy to, but now in 2011 after four years do I feel confident enough to report or even talk about the issue.', "I spoke to a solicitor about the issue but because I wasn't diagnosed with depression and just had time off with work related stress and the bullying happened between 2001 and 2006 they wont go near a case for me, this greatly upsets me as I feel the most important years of my working life, the ones that were meant to set me up were ruined by two idiots and although I love my life now I feel I'm 7 years behind where I should be because of this abuse and although compensation would but nice I feel these ignorant bullies are left to carry on their reign of terror and there really is no happy ending when it comes to bulling.
Worked in a supermarket.  Had a problem.  Wanted to make a complaint to the company but someone else got it in the head office and returned it to local people.  A woman, trainee manageress came personally to my door one evening.  The way she knocked on my door was very harassing.  I did not open the door but told her to write to me if she had anything to say.  My problem was with the store manager on sexual level.  Few days later I got a letter where I felt threatened as I was told an action will be taken against me if I contact any directors or chief executive with this matter.  What shall I do?']
This is bullying in one of big hospitals. An acting manager needs to discipline to an employee who was continuing to breach hospital policy. This staff already had one written warning from the previous manager. Now the manager still has the same issue with this employee as the previous manager. He had consulted with HR and HR staff advised him to have a formal warning for this continuing poor work performance. A meeting was arranged by HR staff and the manager, HR and the employee all will attend. However, this employee asked a Dr. (he is an associated professor) who is favour on this employee to stop this happening. The Dr. immediately went to talk to the acting manager while there were a medical team performing life saving case in the mid way. The manager had to stopped monitoring the patient (potential risk is no one will call out if the patient going to have another cardiac arrest on the procedure)The Dr. was openly questioning the acting manager in front of the whole medical team (other Dr., surgeons and nurses). “Why this employee needs a meeting with HR? What that about?” the acting manager said “I cannot discuss here. It is confidential.”  The Dr. continued that “Is it about discipline…I haven’t heard anything…what is that about?” The manager reply with the same as it is confidential information and will not discuss anything with this Dr who was not the head of a whole department and he also is not the immediate respone manager for the manager. Also, he will not openly discuss this in a public area regarding any confidential information. ', 'However, the Dr. was so aggressive and bullying anyone who is trying to put his favour employee down. He was continuing bullied the manager in front of other workers for 20 minutes. This Dr. fully utilised his power to cancel the meeting and stated he is the head of the department, he have right to do this. In fact, he has no right to do so because he is not the head of department. ', 'No one knows how much information the Dr has read about the meeting? It is a confidential information. Now, everyone discusses about it. ', 'Anyway, the meeting was cancelled and will be rescheduled by the Dr. The formal warning was stopped by this Dr. ', 'I guess that the employee is the happiest victor here.', 'HR did not play the role supposed to be but HR complete withdraw out this whole issue now. ', 'The manager is closed to me. I feel so sorry for his experience. And totally hate the Dr. so rude and he think he is the king!! It is so unfair that the warning was not giving to the employee.
Hi, I have recently experience bullying in my workplace - It is horrible people say comments and make me to be as the bad guy when I am actually good at my job and can get on and do my work.', "Maybe I need to speak up when they make a comment but if I do I think they'll tell me I'm bullying then.", 'I have decided to go down the grievance route as I have racked my brains trying to work out what I could have done to cause this but now I see it is because I am good at my job and they are crap and my work highlights how they are inefficient or lazy.', "I have had my greivance - denied i.e. they didn't find anything - which is complete rubbish as I know things have gone on. My concern now is what should I do - anyone?", 'Thanks', 'Josh']
"Workplace violence is any act against an employee that creates a hostile work environment and negatively affects the employee either physically or psychologically. Bullying is a non-homicidal form of violence and a systematic campaign that jeopardizes your health, your career, your family and the job you once loved. And because it is violent, emotional and physical harm results". (www.workplacebullying.org) ', 'With that said I would like to inform the community about the hostile work environment that has been created and tolerated at a local health care facility in southern New Hampshire. To date I know of 9 employees that have been subjected to some form of repeated harassing, malicious, cruel and humiliating attempts to undermine them by their management all within the same department. Having personally worked with 7 of these wonderful people I can attest to their character, professionalism, skill, loyalty and genuine care for the people in the community. Three weeks ago one of these employees was terminated after 38 years of excellent service to this institution. Prior to her being terminated she was emotionally tormented for months. She would be called into meetings and yelled at, lied about and threatened with termination. She was humiliated and tormented by words, intonations  attacks on her character even though her work performance in the past was great. Another employee from the same department was terminated last week. I was terminated 1 1/2 years ago after 28 years of employment  at this facility. Like everyone else my evaluation were great, coworkers enjoyed working with me and my patients appreciated all that I did for them. I received a large pay raise 5 months before the torment began because the management said they appreciated the years of dedication, professionalism and ability to be a team player. ', 'What we all have in common is the fact that we were  subjected to an infliction of emotional distress and psychological harassment over a period of time resulting in mental and physical distress. We were all subjected to behavior from the manager that was offensive and threatening. By his words, intonations and actions he created an environment that was hostile and offensive.', 'Sadly the administration including Human Resources were aware of the hostile work environment created by the manager and  other leaders in the same department. We would go to the Vice President of the HR department and  beg  for the bullying to stop. We pleaded to know what we were doing wrong but vague answers were given, untruths were stated without examples and not one accusation  was followed up  with any form of investigation. The administration failed to take measures to prevent and abate the problem. We are just sent back to the bully for "conflict resolution". Stopping violence requires more than mere "conflict resolution".', 'Workplace violence is an occupational and safety health hazard. I would be interested in knowing the cost of the mental and physical ill health that this stress has caused on not only the abused employee but to all the others that witnessed the abuse and were too afraid for their jobs to say anything.', "There are presently no laws that can safeguard such behavior. Hopefully with public awareness, a new administration and claims of abuse causing medical malpractice to soar due to bullying employers and patient injury we can say that bullying in the workplace is wrong financially and morally. It shouldn't hurt to go to work.", 'Thank you.']
I have had 3 office bullies in my workplace. There have been others but these are the main ones who have really caused a lot of damage, not only for me, but for the entire company.', 'Bully Type Descriptions:', '1. The Executive Assistant:', 'Bully Type - The Two-Headed Snake/The Constant (behind your back) Critic', '2. The "Professional"/IT Director (they wore 2 hats after driving the IT Director out):', 'Bully Type - The Gate-Keeper/The Guru (or at least put on a good act as one)', '3. The Manager (not my supervisor):', 'Bully Type - The Wannabe/The Constant Critic (to your face and behind your back)', "Recently, though, as of this month, 2 are leaving or have left. One is still there but I understand they haven't been complaining about me recently. One was leaving for personal reasons and the other because there was finally a showdown with management and they lost.", "The problem is... I was up for a promotion recently and did not get it because of the damage to my reputation caused by these 3 office bullies. Our office has two floors and I work on a different floor than these 3 bullies and upper management, so upper management doesn't know me as well. They only know what they hear and they tend to have believed these bullies over trying to find out the facts.", "My job is a very stressful one. The whole industry is very stressful and government deadline driven. So the very nature of the work we do there is extremely stressful to begin with. So I don't need this additional stress. ", "I wear many hats working for mostly one department but also for others. And I have been told I'm accurate and do quality work. I have a lot of heavy responsibilities that they trust me with that requires me to keep things in constant check or I get complaints about it. And the bullies seemed to have fuelled these flames with the complaints. Whenever there was trouble, I would eventually find out that they were at the source of it.", "Although, I kept ending up being looked upon unfavorably because I wasn't helping my co-workers when I'm already drowning with work. Depending upon who it has been, some do help me but others have not much at all. It appears that my co-workers are either not given much work to do or get help from a high school or college girl who comes in to help. While I keep being given more and more responsibilities/work and little or no help.", "This was fine for awhile because I like to be busy. But then it got to the point where I was feeling burned out and finally approached my boss about my workload. He did distribute some of it to my co-worker. But then during our busy season, he said that she was busier than I was so I had to do it again. But after busy season, I am still doing it, even though now I'm busier than her. She also has had her hours cut to 4 days a week and thinks she can come and go as she pleases, which makes my job even more stressful because now I have to cover for her and puts me more behind.", "This co-worker has ended up helping the Two-Headed Snake a lot (the worst offender of trying to get out of work). The Two-Headed Snake's game is to tell each of us half truths to pit us against each other. In most cases, it has been that I am trying to get out of work, so then the person ends up rebelling so I end up doing MORE work than I already am and/or don't get any help.", "She tried getting me to fall for her game. But I finally got smart and didn't try to let her get me going anymore.", 'The result of all this is that I am now considered slow, unresponsive and unhelpful...and was called on the carpet for it.', "To add to all of this, we have had a lot of technology changes lately. The Gatekeeper/The Guru, continually kept me out of the loop, did what they could to keep me out of training sessions that I needed to do my job, wouldn't give me rights to things that would make my job easier and faster (I have to work around). And would go behind my back and do things that would create more work for me without telling me about it. I would just happen to find out about it. ", "What made it worse is he is also the IT Director and I used to help the old IT Director that he drove out. The GateKeeper was also spreading around rumors about my competence with computers when I have a degree in computers and business. But he was also keeping me from getting the training and knowledge I needed to do my job efficiently. The only way I found out how to do things was by what little training he did let me have so he wouldn't look bad, figuring it out myself, or asking people I somewhat trusted how do something. He kept belittling me in front of people like I was dumb when it came to computers and couldn't be trusted with rights to do things. He wouldn't even listen to my boss when he requested that I get these rights or be included in important meetings where my input would be valuable.", "With the third bully, I tried to help them with making their work better, which part of my job is to make the managers look good. But instead they would complain about me all the time behind my back to my boss about me. This was before I realized what they were. I just do as they want, and they haven't been complaining about me.", 'My boss seems to know how these people are, which has helped. But I think he was getting as frustrated as I was.', "All this has been going on for years and I finally got to the point where I was fed up and probably didn't handle the situation very well. I got emotional and probably complained to HR too much. But I didn't know what else to do. Upper management seem(ed) to think these bullies were just great and wouldn't hear of these complaints. So I got frustrated and upset and I shouldn't have.", "And now that is being held against me and I am being considered part of the problem when I have been under attack for all the years I have work for this company. Was I just supposed to sit there and take it just so there wouldn't be any waves? I did take it... for years. And because I said nothing... I'm considered a negative person, slow and unresponsive.", "The sad part about this is. I have been a loyal, supportive, hard working employee. I stay late when others won't. I'll take comp time instead of overtime if it's an off time of the year. I bend over backwards for that company. But I don't really think I am appreciated at all for my efforts. My boss has been waving this promotion carrot in front of me since almost day one and now it's being pulled out in front of me and put back with them saying...well...if this person doesn't work out than maybe you can try again when they leave. When? In 15-20 years? Thanks!", "So I guess the moral of my story is. Don't get emotional when dealing with office bullies or it will only end up hurting you more.
I recently have been bullied at work with the person in question making belittling comments about my work. If I try to defend myself by justifying things he makes me feel like I am at fault and then tells me to calm down in a very disrespectful way, even though I was calm anyway. ', "I have also had my work notes ruined by other colleagues, I can't prove who done it as I didn't see it, but now I have raised a formal complaint but I feel that nothing will get done to fix this other than me handing in my resignation.", 'I know I am very good at my job and I have only been in my job for about 6 months, my main concern is what I can do and what other people say when they investigate this, as I have this feeling that they will all cover it up and make out like I am just complaining as some of the witnesses might be possible suspects.', "Until you actually go through this process you never realise how hard it is for someone who is being bullied. I actually feel very sad as I did like my job and was starting to get more into my work and enjoy more things about working for this company. My main issue now is I don't see what HR can do to fix this as even if they do get rid of one person in the team I feel there must be others who are part of all of this and I know for a fact I wouldn't want to work in any company or environment where there is bullying.", 'Any advice anyone? Please…']
Before writing, I took the time to read others posts about their bullying experiences. What struck me the most was how long they endured the bullying. Having been the target of workplace bullying, and a naturally strong personality, part of the reason I was targeted, I found that this was not something that was worth enduring nor worth my health. No paycheck was worth this and I was worth more than any amount of money. This idea has somehow been misplaced within our work culture as can be seen in many areas. There is no longer a concept of "people", just dollars. It is up to us to start making smarter choices in how we handle these situations. I fully understand how one feels trapped in this situation and just how devastating to a person this can be from an emotional standpoint. Unfortunately, from what I could tell, this is one of those situations that are also hard to "pin" on someone as the duress is usually emotional and there typically is not a "harassment" category as it is currently understood by our laws. ', 'I was dismayed to find that even our schools have anti-bullying policies, yet there is no protection for individuals in the workplace, nor is there any sanctioned recourse for dealing with this. The Department of Labor should be promoting an anti-bully campaign in the workplace and promoting an emotionally safe work environment as well.', 'So although it is a relief to just tell your story, I am encouraging others who read this to take the few minutes to do more - to take the next steps of signing the Workplace Anti-Bullying Petition. I also encourage you to write to your state Dept of Labor as well as the US Dept of Labor and your state representatives. The more they are forced to see this information, the more they are forced to do something about it. They need to understand just how much of a problem this is. If you worked for a larger company and have the opportunity for an exit interview. Make sure to put your stated reason for resigning is "Harassment - Workplace Bullying". This will force companies to also revisit their policies on this, especially when they have to admit to the level that it is costing them for replacing personnel. This will also give them the information they need to see a pattern of tolerance within an organization. ', 'Take a stand, it will help heal you on this path.
What does one do when one has complained to the AMA that a doctor told my sister (75 yrs) "to piss off, and that she wasn\'t his patient"!! She reported it to the AMA and the doctor was notified by the AMA and he denied it. His receptionist heard him!...and she said she was embarrassed for her! He gets away lying about it and my sister has to wear the grief!... it\'s not right!
I got hired at a small coffee shop/ice cream shop/gas station almost two years ago. It is a very new place, and wasn't even open yet when I got hired. At the same time, a 50 something year old woman was also hired. ", 'Fast forward to now, two years later. Over the past two years there have been several incidents where this woman has been extremely rude. We have a notebook where we write things to help each other out each day. She uses it to disrespect us, and cut us apart. She talks about each person behind their back, and lies to the two bosses about everything. In May 2010, I wanted to quit so bad because I felt sick about going to work and reading what she had to say about all of us. But I need the job, and the money for college. ', 'She has driven away two other employees, and another has tried to quit several times but is always convinced to stay. In summer 2010, she physically grabbed a new 18 year old employee by the arm and dragged her out to the front counter to show her an ice cream spot she had forgot to clean, and was yelling at her. She told her she would tell the boss that she should be fired, and that she tried to get me fired last May because I was "lazy, and sat around all winter." The new employee quit on the spot, and called me five minutes later balling her eyes out.', 'I moved away for 8 months for college, and told myself I wouldn\'t go back. But I needed to a job, and I needed to make money and it was a for sure hire. My coworkers, who are the nicest, sweetest people you will ever meet told me things were getting better. But I still saw signs of "bullying".', "Two days ago, I came into work and she called two of my coworkers a very rude name, and I simply told her that there was no reason she needed to be name calling. She then proceeded to yell at me about the work that the other co workers and I do. She was very, very rude to me. I was noticeably upset in front of customers, and my voice was cracking and I went in the back and I cried. I'm not proud of it, but I'm so sick of dealing with her. I'm now to the point where I feel sick about thinking about going into work. I think it's wrong that my coworkers and I have to be treated this way.", 'Here\'s the catch, my boss knows EVERYTHING, and will do nothing. It\'s obvious this woman is being favored because of her "manager" duties, though she\'s never gotten the title. This is an independently owned business, and there is no one higher I can go to. I don\'t even get the worst of the bullying, my other coworker does and I\'m finding it hard to sit back and watch all this happen.
After reading others stories I feel compelled to share mine.', 'I was a senior level HR manager at a successful national company. Initially my relationship with my "soon to be Bully" was positive.', 'All that changed when he started sleeping with one of the clerks who was a poor performer. For some reason this employee had it out for me...the reason I can decipher is that she was extremely lazy. As she did payroll and I was HR our jobs were interconnected. Having said that in her 8 month tenure I may have asked her for 3 things and she labelled me a slave driver.', "During the time this VP and clerk were having their fling the VP's behaviour towards me changed. All of a sudden employee's were being told not to complain to HR, he would publicly (and unjustifiably) criticize my performance and in front of subordinates.", 'One example is when I put forth a candidate for a senior position. When he walked out of the interview he said to me in front of several employees "I can\'t believe you would put him forward, he\'s not one of us". Fortunately my boss, the CEO, had also interviewed the candidate. He commended me for finding a person with such a strong skill-set. I asked him if he had debriefed with this VP after the interview because he obviously disagreed with the CEO\'s assessment. At this time our offices (mine and the VPs) were right next door to each other and he must have overheard the conversation because the next thing I know I\'m cc\'d on an e-mail to the senior management team about how great this candidate was!', 'This is just a small example of the scrutiny I endured for 3 years. I even volunteered my services while on mat leave and this VP was one of the few who took advantage (if he thought I was incompetent why).', 'In another instance he was literally screaming and cursing at me when I wouldn\'t identify an employee who had made a complaint (I knew the employee would get reprisal). As a side note I\'m proud of how I handled myself that day, stayed calm and kept repeating - "don\'t speak to me that way".', 'This VP is one of the most influential people in the organization (3rd in command). I had brought several complaints from other employees forth to the CEO (but not my own for fear it would look like I had a personal vendetta) but all I heard was - "he\'s not perfect, but he makes money" and "he\'s like that with us too". So because this VP\'s misbehaviour is "water off a ducks back" to the CEO it\'s acceptable? ', 'As with most bullies of course there were employees who were exempt - but it was not related to performance. You could tell who was in the in group because they could show up whenever they wanted and were drinking with him at the bar every Friday afternoon (getting paid and using company credit card).', "If there was one failure I had at the company it was in getting the CEO to appreciate the severity of the situation, the impact it had on all staff at that location and how it affected the organization's bottom line (in terms of staff productivity). I tried, I really did but they just didn't want to hear it.", "It's been 4 months since I left, so I have distance on my side but my perspective has not changed. Former co-workers who I maintain a relationship with tell me things have not changed.", "It's just a matter of time before this company gets sued and if they plead ignorance I'll be the first one lining up to testify.
This summer, I got a job as a waitress at a local restaurant to help pay for my books next semester. My boyfriend works there, so I thought it would be fun! WRONG. The first week or so I got to work the dinner shift, which is when my boyfriend works, and I made killer tips! He works in the kitchen, while I\'m a waitress, so we only saw each other in passing. I was beginning to think I had the best job in the world! Then the manager, who is a total bully, told me we can\'t work together anymore because we "distract each other." We barely even talk!', "Since then, I've been stuck at lunch shift, where I make little to no tips, and then scolded by the managers for not making enough tips! We have to report our tips because they're part of our wages; if we don't make enough, the business has to comp. us the difference between waitress minimum and federal minimum. So, as you see, they yell at me for a situation that they themselves put me in.", "The other waitresses, who I got along with at first, are all vindictive high school girls. They started trying to steal tables out from under me and take the tips, and of course the manager would never believe me if I told her. They ALL gossip about each other (manager included), and try to get me to say something so they can catch me, but I refuse to stoop to their level. If something goes wrong that shift, i.e. someone got an order wrong, it is AUTOMATICALLY blamed on me; the manager never asks me my side of the story, she just yells at me. I'm tired of being gossiped about, lied about, stolen from, and yelled at. Is a summer job worth all this? I think not.
My boss is an awful human being. He only cares about himself, not his employees who make the money for him. For the Steel Dept, he cut 25% of their salary off four years ago and hasn't given it back since. My side, the Art dept., we haven't had a raise in 6 years, no Union contract for 4 years and possibly paid off our Union rep not to come around anymore.", "He is rude, pushy, verbally abusive, two-faced, very stressful, and constantly yells. I've had many confrontations with in 10 years I have been working there but it reached the boiling point... So this past Friday morning, I walked in calmly and politely and asked my boss to talk to him in private into his office. I kindly asked him to lay me off after 10 years.", "The reason why is I am not well and unhappy. I am sick mentally and physically. After being ten years at my job, I had to deal with constant verbal abuse by the boss, by salesmen, art director and production manager. I am forced to do other work besides being a production artist which I was hired to do. I'm forced to be customer service for the salesmen, run around do errands, and get harassed by clients as well. It's a toxic environment where everyone is miserable, mostly because the boss doesn't care about anyone but himself.", "It has taken a toll on me. I am stressed out, I constantly get sick, I have very high blood pressure, battling depression, and now I have pneumonia for 3 weeks now, going on 4. I went back to work this past Thursday after being out two days for pneumonia where I should have stayed home for a week, instead I wanted to work. I had 13 jobs on my desk to do all day. So around 2 pm came, I had 2 jobs left to do for the day, I was in the middle of my third. So I pop online to check my email real quick, it could have been 10 minutes tops. The boss, who's literally 5 steps away, send me an email telling me to slow down on the internet all day because we have a lot of work. That's total bullshit because there was only 7 jobs behind me on a table which can be split up between 4 other artists.", "I wrote back to him saying you should be happy I came in today in my sick condition. That morning I gave him the doctor's note saying I have pneumonia, he's heard me constantly coughing and hacking up a lung. I even gave him the medication I'm taking. I told him I should be home for the week. He didn't want to hear it! He accused me of not working, when he has said many times I'm his best go to guy. So I got my things and left for the day. So back to Friday morning...", "I asked kindly to be laid off. He starts right out yelling at me like I'm trash, he says I made you sick... so I said you know what yeah, you and this company has after 10 years. I'm sick, depressed, stressed out, I need to get better. I said this calmly. He continues to yell at me saying what did I mean by that email... I said it's exactly what I said, you should be happy I came in while being seriously sick. I said how dare you to accuse me of not working when all I do is work and get jobs done at least 5 days before the deadline! Then he goes, you know what, I'm not laying you off, and yells at me, you're quitting!! I said I'm not quitting, I'm not a quitter. Then he yells at me, get the fuck out of my office. I stand up and say no. Then he proceeds to leave his office like a punk and yells at me get the fuck out of my office! Then I started to get a little heated, and ask am I fired now?? am I fired now?? He continues to yell at me to get the fuck out of here, and I ask am I fired?? Then he's still yelling at the top of his lungs saying I'm an asshole, oh you saying no one does work around but you right? Then I defended myself yelling back at him Yes! Yes I do, I do most of the work around, I'm the one who makes you the money! You treat your best worker like this after 10 years right?? He charges at me yelling with his fist in front of him get the fuck out of my office! I asked again am I fired?? He says what the fuck are you deaf? SO I said you know what go fuck yourself you piece of shit! Then he calmed down started stepping back and said that's my boy as he crawled away into the art department. Then I walked out.", "The whole office heard it, his best friend who works there saw the whole thing went down. I walked out and saw the production manager was chuckling, I didn't know what to make of that. A couple of hours later a co-worker called me up saying he what happened was proud of me. A lot of the guys heard what went down and was happy. So now I wait to go back to work Monday and to see what happens because I was never told I was fired or laid off and I never said I quit. I feel like George Costanza now where in that episode he goes back to work on Monday after he berated his boss and quit. I started looking for a new job and tried to get in touch with my Union to seek help.", 'Anyone else have it as bad as I do? Anyone have advice?
Hi, In my cie we have a Wanabe and I even wonder if it was not written for her!! Personally I just ignore her because anyway each time she tries to sabotage me or somebody in the cie she just shoot in her own feet - and she does not even realise it!! She is a real busy body complaining about how everybody is incompetent or unprofessional but ironically that is exactly how everybody - from the employees, the management to the customers - considers her... She wants to give her opinion about everybody's work and dept but she does not do her own work... ignoring her is the best solution I found.
I\'ve been a victim of workplace bullying for my entire career. Both parents smacked me and my brothers around at home, from an early age. Mom "invented" reasons to yell at me,and spank me as a toddler. ', 'My father started "man-handling" me at the age of 13. We were always relieved when he was stationed somewhere else. Mom had a boyfriend, but instead, wrote and told him that she couldn\'t "handle" me. So, he came home and "handled" me. By the age of 15, with him calling me a "She-Bitch", (whatever that is), he humiliated and terrorized me. I was his "target" every day. I hated to go home from school.  I would lock myself in my room, and would not eat dinner.', "I was bullied at school, but fought back, (I guess, from all of that smacking around at home), and wasn't bothered anymore. ", 'I\'ve also been bullied in personal relationships. A guy moved in on me ten years ago, and lived relatively rent and board free, until I left in 2010.  He "bullied" himself in and I left him in "my" apartment. He\'s still there. Feeling like a fool, I moved out of my own home.  ', 'My latest workplace bullying episode, has come at the hands of a new supervisor, who is retaliating because I had him written up for yelling and screaming at me last year. He\'s mounted a campaign with two other females in the department, (from another agency) who are retaliating, because I complained to my supervisor, about "their" yelling and screaming, and general unprofessional behavior, at different times, towards me.', 'To mount the campaign, they used a "pawn", someone else from this outside agency, to go to my HR and complain about me. By now, I am a "Target", but I don\'t know it. This "complaint" led to giving my new supervisor, the ammunition he needed to issue me a written warning, listing ALL of the conversations I ever had with him, about these people, and labelling these "conversations" or any statement or complaint I ever made about these people as "unsuccessful" episodes with so-called "clients".', 'I have clearly been "targeted".  People don\'t speak to me, my new supervisor and his \'co-bullies" have succeeded in coaxing him to take all of my directing projects away.  I have been relegated to sitting at my desk, doing menial work.  I am summarily ignored for meetings, training, conversations, planning meetings, and pretty much anything that has to do with the work in my department.', 'You are correct in saying that Management sides with the "bully", not the "target".', 'Everyone is now "kissing up" to the bullies (the 2 females), my supervisor, and of course, they love "the pawn"!  I guess they don\'t want to become a victim of this "bully\'s" ruthless tactics, like I have.', 'I am now depressed, financially drained, sleepless, listless, I cannot eat, feel aimless, and always very "jittery" and unsure of myself.', 'Finally, I had been "celebrated" at my job, with nothing negative, placed in my personnel file, for the past 14 years,  until these "bullies" put together this mammoth, collaborative, effort to discredit me, along with my "bully" supervisor.  ', 'By the way, my "bully" supervisor, used to work with these bullies, at "their" agency, before moving over to my agency.  ', 'Nobody, in my 23-year tenure at my agency ever told me that these people were "important clients", and that I could be terminated and demoted for complaining about their behavior, to my "new" supervisor, who happens to be "their" buddy. ', 'My new supervisor also happens to have a pattern of yelling and screaming at females in a "protected group", about these so-called important "clients".  He did the same thing to another female. We both are minorities!', 'So... it seems my supervisor has been making up the rules as he goes along, and retaliating against anybody who calls him on it, like I have.  I stepped into a minefield without knowing it.', "No picture or name is listed.  I don't want them to bully me, mob me, or retaliate further.  I can't stand anymore.
I've been working for a large company for two years and often get letters of commendation from the clients I work for. I have never had a day off sick and always do alot more than the 40 hrs a week I get paid for, without extra pay. I don't mind that so much as I want to help the 45 staff I have working under me and value their commitment and hard work. I treat my staff extremely well and often buy them treats to show them my appreciation out of my own pocket.", 'I started work doing 25 hrs a week and they offered me an extra 15 hrs a week 1 month after I started. My manager I had at the time was bullying the staff I now have under me and I put in a complaint, She was investigated and dismissed 1 month later.', 'I really thought I had a good job where they actually listened to the little people like myself. ', "The extra hours I took on meant I would be working under another manager for those 15 hrs a week in a different department. I really thought he was an ok guy, I couldn't of been so wrong.", 'At first he seemed to appreciate me and let me get on with it but I noticed the units he had were not up to scratch and needed alot of work, so I put in extra hours to bring them up to standard, he seemed to change overnight.', "He visits them and has meetings without me and complains to our line manager about me, She doesn't bother to ask me about the problems she just takes his word for it and is very off with me, I feel like I am walking on eggshells around her now and can't seem to do a thing right, he tries at every opportunity to put me down and always speaks loud so everyone can hear him to have a go at me, when we are on our own he is as nice as pie.", "He wrote a letter to one of my girls working under me to invite her to an investigation meeting a couple of days ago and told me that I had to do notes for him on this day, I said I was unavailable as I was on a course that day. He went to my line manager and whispered in her ear something I could not hear, she shouted to me wanting to know where I was that was more important that I couldn't do notes for this meeting, I replied I'm on the course you told me I had to attend, she didn't apologise and he just smirked at me, I know I should of spoke up and said that I had already told him why I could not attend the investigation but that would of just made my line manager more anti me.", 'I received another letter of recognition last week and put it in my line managers in tray. I watched her read it and just throw it back in her tray. Not a word was said to me.', "I am at the end of my tether there is alot more that has happened but I can't see through the tears in my eyes to write anymore. I love my job.
I work in a very a large organization. Over the past five years a huge number a new work procedures have been introduced, most of which have been poorly conceived and actually add no real value to the work we do. Most of them are completely meaningless.', "As a supplementary corollary, there are those occasions, where the organisation has failed to define our proper relationship with our customers adequately, leaving many of us in a Limbo regarding these. This really irks our customers, but the  organisation does not care. It is making huge and fat profits, and the work we do is way down the food chain for benefits from this anyway. We are bullied by our managers for failing to provide a service which they haven't defined properly: no bonus, no promotion, bad performance scores are the result.", 'Actually in the end, the company eventually will get its come-uppance but long after I have departed or shuffled off this mortal coil.
It is quite horrifying. Day upon day I am being seriously "bullied" by my manager, and dissenting openly and publicly about it. Others in my team are fully aware of the situation I am in but remain totally an utterly silent. Their silence is absolutely, and mentally destroying me. ', 'They are being bullied in the same way but say nothing. Team meetings are all one-way: manage to staff, any suggestions for better working practices from the ground floor are instantly rejected. You are not allowed to think for yourself.', 'Automatons Arise, or you will be switched off.
My name is Paula, and I am 47 years old and I live in Belfast and I was born with a cleft pallet. Over the years I have had quite a few operations. I went to a primary school at a very young age there the bullying started it got so bad I then move to a special school in Ards called Killard school. Life for me was very hard not being able to have friends get good exams learning history geography science. But my special school was so good and everyone was good to me. 'Til I come out to start to work. Now onto my jobs everyone of them I have had some kind of bullying. Saying things like I'm so glad I don't have a face like yours, rubber lips mental etc. 'til this day that stays with me.", "Think I am doing the write thing and then it ends up te wrong and oboy do I suffer for it and here we go again. I have been to my bosses some have been good and some have just made it ten times worse. I have went to my parents and friends and at the age of 47 yrs this still goes on and on. My message to you all out there is stop the bullying god made me the I am. I have had enough please stop can anyone help me or give me advice. I have a scare on my mouth my speech and my word and maths aren't great when I was young it scars me to me to be al alone. But the best thing is I have a heart of gold and a mum and dad that loves me.", 'So stop the bullying lets all try to get along its not are fault the why we are lets us have peace in are hearts a smile on are face no more fear worry stress sadness fo we have a wonderful city so to everyone out there a child boy man woman. Be happy stand up hold your head up high cause we are just as good as any one else. Any advice out there would be most helpful thank you.
I have been working for 18 months and really enjoy my new job. I am 49 years old and stand up for myself or so I thought, but all of a sudden one of the women at work started saying things about me, I'm a pom and I don't deserve to get the things I am getting, how dare I come here and take their jobs, Then I got told she says I don't do my job properly,  I don't work with this woman but get all the stories back.", "Then another woman I work with started saying who do I think I am, how dare I judge her 18 months ago when I didn't even know her even though I told her this was not true she still calls me a liar.", 'I have now today been told that they have gone to the boss and stated that they are sick of this hair splitting and fighting.  I really have no idea why I am the centre of it all since I have not said anything bad about anyone.  Tomorrow I am going to my boss to ask her to have a meeting with all three of these people  to see what they have to say to me when they are all in the same room at the same time.  I enjoy my job I love the residents but I hate the fact that I am sick every time I come into work because of these three people.
I should have known better, ya know the feeling we all get in our stomachs when we know someone has a toxic attitude. I never really liked her. She was loud, rude and cursed a lot but I didn't hate her by any means. It all started last week but definitely had been building up. I began feeling left out as I had a lot of stress going on in my life. My husband lost his job, we lost our home and financially we were living on a prayer. I tried so hard to remain positive but some people see a weakness and like a pack of wolves they will pounce on the weakest victim (in this case… me).", "The day I left for vacation the bully whom I thought was a friend began posting negative things about me on Facebook. I just ignored it and hid her posts from my newsfeed, then as I began posting positive things she would in turn post how she hated my posts and I was annoying her. I did not delete her but I took care of the problem I hid my posts from her, I felt I was doing her a favor. I mean she didn't like what I was posting so now she wont have to endure it anymore.", 'In a short few days my phone is blowing up about how the "group" was talking bad about me and the office is buzzing about it, out of my 7 friends only 2 (who weren\'t in the group) contacted me and offered their support. So I ignored the bullies and the next day was deleted by the main bully (hoping this was the end to the drama) I thanked my friends for being there for me through the year that was full of unfortunate transitions and even that a positive post of thanks and gratitude got turned into something negative. Someone whom I didn\'t even think I had a problem with posts that she didn\'t want put in the middle of it. I hadn\'t posted anything about the whole bully mess I was simply giving thanks to those I thought deserved it.', "I called off work today, I hate to admit it but I'm weak and I can't face the demons. I know there are others in my workplace that have dealt with this but I feel alone and I don't know who to trust. How do I move on from this? My mom had the same situation when my father passed away which tells me it doesn't matter how old we get there will always be bullies.
I work in a very a large organization. Over the past five years a huge number a new work procedures have been introduced, most of which have been poorly conceived and actually add no real value to the work we do. Most of them are completely meaningless.', 'We are now being collectively bullied by measurement of our performance against those procedures. We are being blamed and severely bullied by the organization if we do not come up to the mark: no payrises, no promotions, no bonuses, no nothing. Our immediate line managers have now all been trained to treat the new rules as a religion, gospel. ', "Five years ago and before I used to have glowing annual performance reports. Not any more. This past five years have been a nightmare. I would move to another job if I wasn't past that age where potential employers refuse to look at you, no matter how good you are. I am stuck with my present job until I retire.", 'As part of the "new" procedures, every week my boss has to write a report on a job which I have done for a customer. I always get "bad" scores. Some of his statements about my work are, quite frankly, libellous. His assessments are wholly unfair; the scoring system is utterly meaningless. He nitpicks everything. I feel I am working in Purgatory, with no room in Heaven. It is so demoralizing this new process. Actually my customers are generally happy with what I do and say to them. These reports get filed.', "The consequence of the new procedures is I cannot build up a proper, good and trusting relationship with my boss: there's no mutual  respect. He believes in the new religion and I don't. ", "If I didn't have a mortgage to pay, and pension to save for, and a marriage to save I would have left this organization a long, long time ago. Actually I feel they want rid of us as we in the old economies cost the firm a lot more than the cheap labour in the new economies.
Not workplace exactly but somewhere that I was receiving ongoing training at an educational institution. I was verbally attacked and subjected to a barrage of negative comments about my personality. The bully was the tutor of the group and from the outset had singled me out for her rather pointed personal remarks. I am a very strong woman, I have suffered some terrible losses in my life but have coped with those challenges head on.', 'I am a widow and was widowed at a very young age and with children to support. I was never bullied before I was widowed but have experienced being bullied several times since having been widowed. It seems that being an attractive, young and capable widow is very threatening to some people, particularly some women.', 'This tutor encouraged the sharing of information about our personal lives on a weekly basis as part of the group learning, yet whatever I chose to share was turned against me and used as ammunition to fuel her hurtful comments. ', "The woman who bullied me was obviously disappointed that I didn't fit into the victim role that she would like to have seen me in - you know the type - they want to make themselves feel saintly by 'rescuing' hapless 'victims' (I suspect this was her true motive in delving into the students' personal lives) but if the perceived 'victim' doesn't need their help they proceed to persecute that person instead; which was what I think happened to me.  ", "For instance she translated my comment that I had had a bad week and that I thought that there were some things that I could have handled better that week into a huge 'issue' wherein she said in front of the whole group that I hated myself and repeatedly demanded to know why I hated myself. I was having a bad day already and I found  her belligerent insistence that I was a self hating victim of my own lack of self esteem too much to bare in front of a group of people, some of whom I barely knew. ", "Needless to say, I left the room and left the course. I tried to complain but the management insisted that I should confront her directly before they would be prepared to do anything. As I had already endured enough of this woman's bullying I decided against their suggested course of action as I felt it would only give her another opportunity to abuse me. ", "I was shocked and disappointed that an educational institution was not prepared to give me a fair hearing or to arbitrate on my behalf - they didn't even offer to discuss what had happened face to face with me and it became very clear that the woman's supervisor was in cahoots with her. All that she would suggest was that I join a different class with a different tutor but as I felt so unsupported by the institution and could see that if I had any further problems they would be unlikely to help me I chose to go elsewhere for my training.  ", "I have moved on but it took a long time to overcome the self doubts I suffered as a result of this woman's vicious bullying. The damage done by bullies is despicably cruel; as I have illustrated these people like to kick you when you are down and feeling vulnerable as normally they wouldn't get a chance to do what they do. I said that I consider myself to be a strong woman but I have my off days, that doesn't make me a self hating misfit, it just makes me human. What it shows me though is that people like this bully are cowards, desperate to make themselves feel better about themselves at the expense of others.
Hi I'm Trent. I work at (a well known fast food restaurant). I've been there three years I've been bullied at work for as long as I can remember.  Which was a couple months of work I accidentally got a smudge of mayo on the restaurant manager's shirt so he smashed the mayo gun through to the other side and hit another which made my lip bleed he told them it was an accident and he got away with it. After that I started to get treated like shit by all the other managers.", "I was doing graveyard shifts for a while, then they started giving me breakfast shifts as well which stuffed up my sleeping pattern, which in turn made me depressed from the pressure and the yelling. I've broken down at work multiple times. A lot of the time I'm laughed at and I'm a staunch guy so it hurts my pride.", "This mourning I came into work feeling ill and I had my normal uniform and then they tell me I doing maintenance right so they send me home to get my uniform. I came back, noticed I forgot to clock in and asked them to fix it. The manager said he's not paying you for going home yet at the start of the week I asked what shifts I was doing maintenance because all my shifts are 5am to 1pm which is also breakfast opener so I don't know which one I'm doing on the day. They pretty much ignored me then said just bring your uniform everyday.
Recently having endured sexual discrimination and sexist remarks from previous male management, and despite my assertiveness which then led to further communication breakdown and a clinical incident. I decided to record the details of events and the time as form of evidence and forwarded this to my line manager.', "I did further training in Melbourne on work place bullying as a mental health nurse. I studied pathological behaviours in the work place and found this very useful in terms of developing open communication and recognising sabotaging behaviours of other individuals and 'killer phrases' which often used to put others down and manipulate. ", 'I was offered a placement in the community to which I found the job highly rewarding and I loved the freedom from micromanagement and the ability to work autonomously (So I thought)… until I met a fellow colleague who claims to be more senior and have 12 years of mental health experience, ask me 20-open ended questions about my experiences about my past job and position. (She closed the board room door and decided to drill me and preach god.) Some time after the discussion this colleague started to revert to nonverbal intimidating behaviour and started to challenge me incessantly in meetings trying to humiliate me in front of others based on my lack of knowledge and experience of the new position. (Treated as if I ought to know everything about their procedures and my newfound responsibilities.)', "As time went on I then became labelled as a 'borderline personality' and often a few other colleagues would make references to it and use it to cut me off from any discussion. ", 'The dynamic then spread to not one but two other colleagues who then retaliated by being emotionally over reactive and aggressive. It is unclear as to why they choose to behave like this in order to get their point across. The whole time I started this new position I felt like I was dictated upon and not treated as a team member.', 'My efforts to try and resolve this scenario is deemed very difficult as I am dealing with a trio of bullies that like to finish off each others sentences and run the show of all meetings and interrupt you during your part in discussion. I am having problems getting the line manager involved and have witnessed her being targeted and says nothing.', 'The main supervisor/TL has taken 2 weeks of leave without notice and we are now are just waiting for the director of nursing to get involved. For the time being I have taken 3-4 days of sick leave just to try and recover from this destructive episode/s.
I am a 24 year old lady. I being bullied since last 9 months. I am working in a subsidiary organisation. My department is a new and I am the first person who enter this unit. After several month, my boss employ other senior who come from mother company.', 'Now, I am the youngest person in the department and do not have working experience in fieldwork. Even though I am new, I am very hardworking person, where I spend much time on reading to get the understanding.', 'Some of senior colleague have certain certificate, master and PHD. Event they are senior and have certain cert, but since our department is something new and never being practice in our country event by other financial institution, this mean that they also do not really know and familiar with the current issues.', 'Its begin… Some of them love to stold my idea  and the event worst is they stold my work and report to the boss and pretent seems like thats belong to them. I cant do anything because she is my team leader.', 'They also quite rude and not respect me by called me with bad name like "satan" and if there is any current issues, they will not update me since they said they claim that I am not at the same level with them (but we suppose to work in group) because their grade is higher than me (the different is only 1 grade - where I am BG50, she is BG51 and BG52)', 'I just keep silent since I am a small person and not very good in terms of to express or tell others about my situation. I already tell someone in other unit but that person report to them and the situation become worst.', 'Every night, I cannot sleep because I cant stop thinking and traumatise with their mouth.', 'I event do not know how to tell my boss since they love to ingratiating our boss. Some of them love to tell bad thing about me to boss even it is not true. I am not dare to tell my boss the real situation because some of them (my collague) are very dangerous where in front of the boss, she pretend to be kind, but at the same time, she talk and report many bad thing about boss to our CEO. If they dare to do it to the boss, how about me?? A small ant. ', 'Kindly help me
I was excited to work cooking healthy and good food for people living on limited incomes. Centre is in poverty stricken area. When I started, noticed that there was a lot of gossip and fighting amongst staff. The person in charge of kitchen had no kitchen training and very little experience. The centre originally served soup and sandwiches when opened but kitchen was remodelled and more cooking made possible. She mostly worked in office and did not know how to organise or direct staff.', 'Some of the cooks were very passionate about delivering good food and contributed their recipes as well as infrastructure tools to organise kitchen. As this is a union site and she had already been there several years, it seemed the only way to create an organised work environment to facilitate good food was to do it ourselves as she did not have the neccessary skills. Because we cook for people who are in desperate need of the service some of us were willing to do this and the centre has received much praise since this time for its high quality food.', 'The place runs with volunteers and staff. One person was always on the hit list, being criticised and ridiculed by her. She bonded with other staff by focussing on her perceived shortcomings of a target. She talked about people in front of volunteers. She took credit for any developments and contributions of others in the kitchen. A cook who was hired later, and is also a bully, became her major supporter, confidante and spy. He was eventually hired as her assistant. No one else bothered to apply because they knew that she would undermine them.', "Her bosses response to complaints about her include: that professional kitchens are tough places and there is nothing out of the ordinary about our kitchen. (Well we sympathise that kitchens are tough places but what can we do? That's just the way it is.) Or the cooks here are lucky to get the wage they make and they know it! Recently I went to her boss when she was going to serve cake that had been chewed on by mice and told him that I would call the health inspector if she did this. He blamed me for not telling her instead of going to him and also said it was not her fault, but the fault of the cooks for not putting the cake away!", 'Management will protect everything she does and blame the kitchen staff. Essentially they will not listen to or acknowledge anything that challenges the concept that management and supervisors are the more skilled, are responsible for the accomplishments of the centre, and that problems and unfortunate incidents (like the one above) are due to lack of training or attitude problems of the front line staff. And they use the language of nonprofits to protect and promote themselves while beating the crap out of the more vulnerable workers. (What they say they value and strive for is inclusion, respectful work environment, empowerment, etc., etc.) I started there with passion and excitement to apply my skills in this job and was so happy to contribute. Now I hate going to work. I do not want to give more than my job specs require because I know that my boss will take credit. The only feedback is criticism. It is a soul destroying place and no one wins.
This is a story about a female migrant in Australia. It is a true story.', 'A Chinese woman came to Australia 20 years ago, employed in a state government office, struggling alone, experienced many bully and humiliation, finally was drive out the office and lost job in a very humiliated situation in absurd reason of ‘mental problem’.', "She made complaint. The war then started. One side was a helpless woman, with the value of self-esteem and the belief of no longer be bullied, doing the efforts doomed to failure; other side were HR, all levels bosses of the department, the people hostile her and the bystanders, rely on the superior in huge people number, in grand name that to protect the reputation of the government department, in the nomenclature of 'investigation', the collection of 'public opinion', the formation of 'report', not only complete overthrow her complaint, but also pushed her into the 'problem employee' position, and finally trumped up reasons to drive her out of the government department that she worked for 20 years.", "She made complaint once again, and again failed; another complaint, then failed. The war was escalating, from the local office, to the head office, to the ministry office, then to other state government departments. The accusations also were increasing one by one, from the 'problem staff', to 'mental illness', to 'dangerous person'. In order to destroy such weak woman, the power people even used a large public resources to monitor and control her, to extinguish her appeal voice, and to push her to 'deserve to be punished' position, for showing their measure and strategy right.", 'The darkness side of human nature, unbearable mental torture, broken ideals and harsh reality, ultimately led to destroy her in the land of her longed for.', 'The story records her true life in Australia, and how the life was insulted and damaged.
I worked in a Project Management System Group for almost 9 years and witnessed "not so nice" treatment of employees. Most recently, a female manager was appointed in our department when the existing manager took a 6 month leave of absence. Almost instantly, one could see a good team environment diminished and replaced with the characteristics of the new manager who was known to be an office gossip, not trustworthy and manipulative. Team members were pitted against one another, back-stabbing was the newest game in town, productivity suffered, and this incompetent manager had the support of the Department Head and Human Resources.', 'I was subsequently let go before Christmas because I took a stand and would not support the victimization (bullying and harassment) of a junior employee. The team ostracized the junior employee as was required by the manager and department head. Later they started in on me and I was regularly blamed by the department head, for anything that went wrong in the team, even an anti-bullying document that was put up in the coffee room while I was on holiday. Alot of the story-making would happen behind my back by the new manager and the department head. My good work ethic was undermined by this manager who maligned me to all members of the team, work was taken away from me, eventually they isolated me. One employee told me how she was taken into a room and the manager and Department Head made up lies about me and attempted to coerce her into admitting to things I supposedly did. The Department Head did the same to me, but when I asked if the Manager could be present to owe up to her lies, he made excuses as to why she could not be present.', 'When the young employee and myself filed a complaint with Human Resources, absolutely nothing good came from it. As a matter of fact, this was to our detriment because the situation only got worse. I attempted to make an appointment with the Division Head (President), but he would not see me and I was honest in the employees survey about what was happening in our department. I signed my name to the document. No matter how hard I tried to bring about the necessary change for our group, nothing happened. I found out later that the harassment problem not only existed in our group but throughout the Division - at the senior level even in Human Resources.', 'Because of the tone set at the top, others in the system group were bullied, harassed and humiliated by the work leads/managers because they know this behavior is condoned by the Department Head and the Manager of Human Resources.
I am treated like a stupid child, (I am going to leave next week, and I think I will have a lawyer present, I know I am entitled to one) I was always behind with work, and had people reporting on simple mistakes, magnifying them to greater proportions than they were worth. I am not going to brag about education, but I thought 'What the hell am I doing in this shithole after completing a degree? I should be working in a fantastic place with educated people, instead I am stuck here in hell.", "It is medical reception, the only intelligent people being the doctors and nurses. The people in the office don't like them much, and talk about them in derogatory way. I admire the docs, because the actually save people's lives, unlike the bitches in the office, who make other people's life miserable. I think there is a lot of jealousy about education - the docs and nurses are very educated and the rest of staff not educated enough. It is a very totalitarian system, with employees being treated like robots who can't think creatively, and must do things automatically. No personality, nothing!! And new people better be like everyone else in the office, otherwise they don't fit in. As I said, I am leaving, thank God, I can't work with these shitheads anymore. They have unresolved issues, and they tell stories on me, gang up and I had to go these meetings where the team leader tells me that they only try to help me!! This is bullying hidden under 'good intentions'.", "Well, I am better than that. I also work for another company, where I am appreciated, so I decided it's better if I go, before I lose personality in this place.
I worked for years in special education in an affluent suburban district. My partner-teacher was known to sit at the lunch table telling raucous stories and jokes about parents, students, and other teachers she does not like. The other teachers laughed along and no-one corrected her inappropriate behavior. It even happened in restaurants after which I refused to go out to lunch if she was present. I was the brunt of her negative humor from the first day I started work there. I struggled to gain respect until she finally moved to another position. Amazingly, I suddenly became competent in the eyes of my peers and administration! ', 'Even though I recently retired, I was invited to join a book-club formed by present and former members of the staff. At our last book-club meeting, this teacher was the center of attention again, mocking yet another co-worker (who was not present), as well as that teacher\'s son - making funny sounding voices as if that was how that teacher sounded, and expressing mock amazing at the absurdity of things the other had said (things that would normally be just simple conversation). I was so upset and threatened buy all this. I did not know how to stop her without looking like "sour grapes" which would not have been productive. ', "I believe that the majority of the staff does not approve of this bully's behavior, however, as she is rich, stylish, she holds sway with many, including administrators. It feels like being in junior high, with her as the leader of the popular clique. Everyone listens and no-one calls her out. This latest victim has already endured this kind of bullying for many years and suffers from depression. We worked together briefly and were very friendly at that time. Next month it is my turn to choose the book. I have been looking on-line for a fiction book for adults that would point out this kind of behavior. Perhaps it might be the start of a wake-up call on the destructiveness of this bully's behavior and something could at last be done.", 'Does anyone know of such a book. Everything I have found so far are for younger readers. I would appreciate any recommendations for such a book.
I write this as an article of hope for those being bullied in a similar work environment. I am soon to be victorious and in such ludicrously short time. I've only had a job for under 2 weeks and have been at the centre of bullying with up to dozens of recorded incidents per working day.", "You must be wondering why or how I will be triumphant, and you must be thinking that it is due to good fortune and it couldn't apply to you. Well, firstly I will go over the background story (it's hard to be brief on such pressing issues in one's personal life) and then I will write some small tips you should consider BEFORE you work for any employer, to avoid bullying or be in control of it from day 1.", "I've been a patron at a bar for over 10 years. I recently was volunteering as part of the governing body of the club, but due to financial problems and paid work arising behind the bar I switched roles. The committee deemed me perfect for the job and I was instantly hired.", "This committee and the bar staff have separate powers from one another in the venue and it complicates matters. The committee hired me, but the bar staff manage me. 2 managers have been there a long time, and have been at the height of much controversy, irregularities and tribunal cases against the club from ex workers. They are a husband and wife and also live on the premises, paid for by the club's finances.", "Previously I didn't think anything of the comments made against them, and took them for normal managers. Only since being hired have I realised they do almost nothing, consistently breach conduct codes, health and safety, the works. Also they in the past only ever kept dumb, lazy and rude workers which only helped cover their own incompetence.", 'Now, I have joined the team and by nature I like to work hard and make sure every customer is doing ok there are fireworks going off. The managers constantly interfere with my pouring, my cleaning, my duties often leading to me making mistakes when I wasn\'t going to make any. They are raising their voice to me for things I am doing even though they are being done correctly. I put items near me for literally seconds while I tend to a customer and they lecture me in front of the customer I shouldn\'t do that when it is clearly obvious I am busy and was going to put it in the right place. They make me take my lunches before I start work, but make me wait by the bar so I don\'t get the chance to eat or take other breaks and then work 8-9 hours straight. They use foul language at me. One time they intervened with my cash handling, gave verbal abuse while under the influence of alcohol all while technically off duty but "on standby". One manager told me to do something, I then did it only to be penalised by the same manager for doing it.', "As you can see, that's a long list. I returned after one particular day of abuse to be told by the assistant manager all of this was recorded and backed up by many witnesses. I have kept a diary of everything. The committee and a majority of the patrons have my full backing and I am keeping very quiet and presenting evidence to them in documented and recorded form for their next meeting. The only reason they have stayed where they are for so long is because they have bullied so many people in the venue even the committee do not know how to handle it. In fact I have been commended for keeping my cool, and monitoring all the gross misconduct they do not get to see while getting certified witnesses to prove it.", "The end result will likely be they will be on a final warning, demoted or even axed entirely from the business and then evicted from the premises should the almost 2 straight weeks of abuse I've taken be proven.", "Sometimes the bully will do what they do because you are a threat, you seriously undermine their worth to others through all your positive traits and dedication to your work. With bitter irony, it is the bully that is in fact a threat onto themself rather than you the hard worker. Had they just left you alone and tried equally hard, everyone would be happy and nobody's job (yours or theirs) would be in jeopardy.", '1) It helps to have friends or good rapport with people in a company you intend to join. So network where you can, though remember it\'s not always "who you know" and knowing is only half the battle.', "2) Always be nice to people you know that use the business or work for it. Build in your mind a positive image of the business. It's going to pay your bills, and the business are not set individuals within itself you may dislike.", '3) Have tools to hand that may help protect your innocence if you feel someone may try and sabotage your work or just give you a needlessly hard time. A camera on your phone, a discreet recorder that is accidentally left on in your pocket, or even just a diary to log everything in your day. With a diary, always be unbiased - say the good things the bully has done, the bad things, the good and bad things you have done, and where possible the times of incidents. You must show you are reasonable.', "4) Read your contract. And where possible, read agreements that every worker must sign. Know your rights before you start work to avoid making mistakes that will cost you before you've even got your feet on the ground. Know your rights, their rights, and what your work will legally and contractually see as right or wrong.", "5) Don't talk about your job in public. Don't social network it. Keep privacy barriers between your current and future colleagues on social networks. If you see people in your new job that may be problematic try and find freely available information on them from such sites without asking for it, as this tends to lead to positive or negative bias. I must stress though do not breach any privacy or data laws :p there is a difference between looking someone up, and a full scale investigation.", '6) Most of all, have faith in yourself and your ability to do well, and you will. I figured out my job and can be left to run independently if things were different in just under 2-3 days, this was not without self belief and focus.', '7) If you already feel after a couple of days things may not work out because of bullying and it would be more degrading work than moral reward for combating it then keep your head down and try and find another job pronto.', "Thank you for reading. I'd like people to bear in mind I have been bullied most of my working life, and have written this for others that feel there is no hope or simply don't know what they can do before it happens or even worse it is far too late.
From the day I returned the ostracizing and silent treatment continued, and their facial expressions at report was that I was abhorred. None of them would talk or team with me, and the games began anew. I was openly mocked. They would falsely report me to the VP and facility leader weekly or more. Finally, a meeting of the VP and team was called, and the VP went all "spiritual", stating to "live in the present, not the past or future". The manipulator voiced out about how Silent Joe was "so much fun" and how others ', ' were so negative, and bring so much "stress". The VP said it was her issue as to how she saw the world. The bully union president stated "until management says something different, no one can tell me how long I can take on my breaks" (she hadn\'t worked the floor in 2.5 years, and the break issue was a lie perpetrated by the trio). I was not given the opportunity to speak. However, the unit manager was told to have "an open mind". On the way back to our unit, I mentioned to Silent Joe that the manipulator was spreading poisonous statements about me over such a long period that it would stick in people\'s minds. About ten minutes later I heard the manipulator ask Silent Joe if I had said anything. I heard him say no, and then "but she was all over that". I then knew he was Silent Two-faced Joe, and the unit manager would not have been so determined to pass me off as a "paranoid" if he had said something.', 'One day, I heard Silent Joe and Dogmatic talking with the female bully RN in the office about Casual, and that the RN didn\'t want to get fired. For over a year, Casual had been leaving one half hour to an hour and a half early each shift, which frustrated the unit manager as she "only had permission for one half hour from the facility leader on Tuesdays and Thursdays". I asked the guys alone if maybe she was leaving early but claiming to work full shift. Dogmatic strongly said "it was done right". I looked in the discrepancy papers, and sure enough, she was signed on full shift as per RN. I realized she had been doing this the whole time, and was being protected by all knowing staff on the unit, including the two male co-workers who easily lied to protect her. I reported the event to the facility leader and heard Silent Joe\'s response when questioned: "why would I lie?". The outrageous abuse continued against me, and I met with the VP privately, having to use the union president as my "protection". She was hostile to my aim as two of the bullies were her friends. I explained that I was in the final stages of mobbing, and provided documentation of their abuse, and I understood there were no laws against it. He said he was not in a position to deal with six union members filing grievances. He then came in close and asked me if I saw myself working with these gang members in the future and could feel the trick question. If I answered no, I would be moved. So, I answered honestly, with a strained and angry "yes" as I had done nothing but work with them in the past. The look in his eyes was a triumphant eagle landing on his prey, and he said to the union rep "boy, if all that she relayed happened to me, I\'d be more upset and say something like, "maybe in time I can forgive them". The union president then verbally agreed with him, and the attitude after that was "shut up, we\'re done with you". He then spoke of "change is hard but necessary in life" and I knew that I would be moved or fired. I shook his hand at the end and said, "it would have been nice to have met you under different circumstances" and his demeanor became less harsh. I left feeling totally betrayed by my union rep and a company who would not investigate properly and only make it easy for themselves. I called for an appointment with the national union rep after accessing the union mobbing info in another province. I asked for my union president not to be present. I met with her, she read my private communications with management, and said I absolutely had a case. The union president came in after our meeting, and she was told a "watch" would be put on the manipulator. The union president concurred what a problem she was to work with, and the original bully was far too reactive and assuming. I was told to "not trust anyone" and say nothing and just let management take over now. She advised not to take a polygraph, which I had offered, as it was "too stressful", and to eventually approach my MLA to help change laws. ', 'The abuse at work continued, and finally culminated with the manipulator refusing to work with me, even though she was assigned partner that day. I called her on it, and she came stomping down to help me. The unit manager followed, and said "you guys just can\'t get along, and the VP is going to move people". Manipulator launched into a barrage against me about how incompetent I was, how I wouldn\'t help the rec therapist, etc., etc. I addressed each statement, and she would quickly launch into another. This continued down the hall until we were alone, when she cackled at me, called me "mental" and that Dogmatic and Silent Joe were "so sick of me". She enjoyed the entire rant until I smiled and called her "typical abuser" and a "sociopath" ', '. She immediately left. I found out later that she, the original bully, and the rec therapist ran down together to the VP to get me fired.', 'About an hour later, it was announced that highest management was coming up for a meeting, and the bully RN didn\'t know what it was about. The atmosphere was triumphant, and I feared I would be humiliated by being walked off the floor. Instead, the facility leader and organizational leader arrived and stated the unit manager had been fired. The mobbing group immediately piled into the office to gossip after, and the manipulator was on her cell phone. I heard loud whispering statements, "maybe she knew".', 'Soon after, one of the bullies quit, and the temporary RN was replaced by the returning male RN (close friend and ally of the manipulator). This male RN wanted the unit manager position, and was upset the position was given to the old unit manager I had spoken with about the abuse. He called her appointment "inappropriate". Yet, he is her special favorite (he manipulates with gifts, attention and charm)and she has told me she is "emotionally close" to him. Therefore, I feel completely unsafe in mentioning the bully tactics he has used on me. She only assures me now that she will hold her position for another 5 years, but then he will get her position.', 'The ostracizing continued when she took over, however, she addressed it by saying to everyone, "the proper person was fired - no one else is getting fired" and from now on she would take no more complaints. This included me, as the day before I had addressed their continued behavior, and showed her my WCB witness statement. I heard her address the statement with Silent Joe, who loudly said, "I don\'t know what to say". She warned me after to "leave the boys out of it" as they don\'t want to be involved, and Silent Joe could leave over it. I was told the gang was furious with me for being too close with the unit manager, and they had admitted to not speaking with me, and told they had to stop. I asked her if they admitted to the humiliation and game-playing. She said no. When I mentioned that they showed no remorse, she told me to "be humble".', 'My evening co-worker later told me she had got together with four other victims who had quit due to harassment at work by other bullies. Some of them made sexual harassment claims against the unit manager (this is what got him fired). I was forced to smile each day while seething in anger towards the group of seven who got away with murder, but now had no problem acting the part of nice, cooperative co-worker. None of them apologized or acted even remotely sorry. They continue to gossip behind managements ears, stating I got the unit manager fired, was lazy and not to be trusted. When I speak of my emotional pain privately to the current unit manager (and social worker by training)...I\'ve tried twice in two years...she answers with an unemotional "I believe you, but it is only your perspective". She\'s also said, "I was assured by management that nothing was going on on the unit" but that it was false, but she had to follow their instructions. She said the past unit manager tried to "bury" me with his "paranoid" accusations, and that if she didn\'t get the team working together, four of us would have been fired, and that included me. ', 'About seven months after the new unit manager took over, a full-time position opened up on evenings, and I got it. That was a year and a half ago. Even though there are two friends of the bullying gang I work with, they are outnumbered by strong people who won\'t put up with manipulation and abuse. I distance myself as far away as I can from the bully group while giving them polite exchange. The same goes for the two male co-workers who let the abuse happen (one of the quit a year ago). I have redeemed myself from the false gossip as much as I can, and many people like working with me. The hypervigilance is slowing leaving, but it has taken two years. I experienced PTSD symptoms for about a year after. I know I am working in a Machiavellian environment that is "safe" for the moment, but things may change if the right people come in power. The bully group continues to target others (it came to a meeting head not too long ago), and one of the targets is "Casual". Both Manipulator and Casual got full-time positions after I left days. I can now say I am healing.
At this point, I had started a small diary of the daily co-worker abuse I kept hidden in a zippered compartment in my bag. Their abuse was escalating: the RN whipped water from a j-peg tube in my face as I passed it to her; I found my pen broken in half with my diary (they snooped in my bag); I found a large pair of sharp scissors in the bottom of my bag (the "casual" stated she had "hidden" them the day before under kleenex boxes in the same room); the rec therapist would snarl at me before a big smile, and they would openly complain about how incompetent and stupid I was, and make jokes about me to others. In December, the casual approached me and asked how I wanted this resolved. I said I would love to have it all stop/work out, but at this point, if it doesn\'t, I\'d have to report it.', 'In January, I was called aside by the unit manager who explained that over Christmas while he was away, a group of six of them had bypassed him and normal protocol, and launched a huge complaint with the facility leader above him. He then said he had to appease everyone. He handed me a "non-disciplinary expectation letter" warning me about my inability to get along with the group, sarcastic behavior, not listening to my superiors, etc., with a threat of removal if it wasn\'t corrected. He hinted that the rec therapist was away at the time, and it was another RN (the male best friend of the evening manipulator) who had joined the complaint. This paper was put on my union record for 2 years. I was in shock when he handed it to me, and the rec therapist smirked at me in passing. Now they had me in a position to be fired.', 'Their daily complaints about me came to a head at this time and the unit manager called an immediate open meeting. He said "let\'s just all get along" while the group of them shook their heads. The female RN said loudly (and falsely) that I don\'t help her, and when I specified that I do, she said I just turn in a huff and that she\'d report me. The rec therapist said I was "throwing utensils" (I hadn\'t and for once Silent Joe said "no, she didn\'t"), and admonished me for not working the floor, instead writing diaries (I just whimpered out it was all that I had). I addressed the triad (2 were present) as not helping me, and just teaming together. The silent aggressive (falsely) said they don\'t work together, and that I will only work with "Silent Joe". The evening manipulator loudly called me a "liar" and that I want everybody to "bow" to me. I stood as strong as I could in this attack, and said that they were "ganging" against me. That\'s when the unit manager cut in with "there is no conspiracy", implying that I was a paranoid. I left at this and sat in the office in shock. The unit manager joined me, and once again stated I was the nicest person he ever met, and asked if I was paranoid. He also said Silent Joe "would not go to bat" for me and say anything, only that he was caught in the middle (Silent Joe was buddies with the male RN, going out privately together). He then said that Silent Joe was not to be trusted as he was only out for himself.', 'I then left the unit to quit. I went down to an RN who knew me and asked for her reference (she said "I heard the meeting didn\'t go so well for you"... she was already told in the gossip grapevine within a half-hour, as well as another. The unit manager also said he would give me an excellent reference, although I didn\'t ask for it. The economy was at a standstill and work was hard to come by. I had stood up for the truth and my right to work in a proper environment for over a year, but at this point wanted out. I applied for a 911 operator position and made it through to the final cut, but did not make it (did not give strong enough personal interview answers). No nursing assistant jobs were available on anything but a casual basis. At the same time I addressed the false complaints to the facility leader and handed in lengthly material outlining the abuse and the failed handling of it. I approached the union and human resources. The female employee there stated I was against a gang, and urged me not to quit. The boss\'s son phone conferenced with me, and at first intimated that I shouldn\'t bring stress from home into the workplace and that I was just taking their comments wrong. I laid out openly what was happening on the unit, and that for 6 years I had had no problems such as this. He wanted to talk privately with all staff to bond the team and resolve the issues. On unit, the facility leader ordered teaming. I got the call from my unit manager asking which of the two male co-workers I wanted to team with as the others said "why force us to work with someone we don\'t like?" I said this was ridiculous, but picked Silent Joe (we got along better - the other was a dogmatic enabler of the same ethnicity as the triad).', 'For a while, my six attackers backed off their aggression (became more covert). They only teamed together, and continued never to address me or offer assistance. If I offered, the manipulator would say "no thanks, I\'ll wait for x), and if I asked for help, she\'d say "wait for x). A couple of times I assisted their side with my co-worker, and they shook in anger at the door, saying to go look after our residents. Of course, they would turn it around to say I would not help them out. The dogmatic male co-worker hated forced teaming, and they falsely told him it was all my idea/doing. Silent Joe remained silent.', 'Physically, the stress was getting to me. I was stoic in my anger and proper behavior, and my chest muscles hurt all the time. I barely slept, and woke up one night feeling as if my stomach had opened (it went away). I could no longer stomach eating, and forced myself, but lost about 25 pounds (which the manipulator would make fun of). The rec therapist continued complaining and making a big drama about me (with assistance of the casual) almost daily. The rest just looked miserable about having to work with me on the floor.', 'At this time, I sought outside help (my husband works with retired cops)about what to do (was told to let every manager know what is going on and keep documenting if I couldn\'t leave). I tried moving within the company but was not picked or even given an interview. The six aggressors would fluctuate their behavior and keep me confused (were they backing off or not?). The rec therapist continued to glare at me privately, almost choked a resident with food she serve, then blame me for not watching her, and control every move I made. One day when they were openly bizarre/manipulative, Silent Joe agreed to meet together with the unit manager to address their ongoing hostility. Silent Joe sat in total silence while the unit manager berated me for not getting along, that he wouldn\'t give me what I wanted (implying that he would not discipline them, as I had only asked for them to stop), and that I was "paranoid" and that they are understandably upset with me. Silent Joe just said "he has made up his mind" and that he was "caught in the middle". The two of them said they would "have my back" should I need it. I then ended the meeting and noted the pain had suddenly left my chest. I suddenly felt NOTHING. However, I cried the entirety of that night.', '{continued in another post}
The next working day, I approached our old unit manager who was working on another unit (she\'s a social worker by training) and told her everything that happened, including the unit manager\'s drunk behavior and threats he had made against his former wife and kids (his wife had dumped him for his best friend while locking him out of his house). She said I should file a harassment charge against all of them except the two male co-workers, and that she would assist me in getting a new position. She called me in the next day (she couldn\'t get me into a position I\'d applied for)and said she would have to approach higher management she trusted due to the threat against kids, and that my silence until now only enabled him. I went with her and relayed to higher management that part of it (was not allowed to mention the staff abuse, as it was supposedly "dealt with"). Within a week, the unit manager became suspicious of me, and asked me directly if I had said anything that might jeopardize his job as management was suddenly watching him and making him uncomfortable. I was told by the old unit manager that the company would help him, and that he was told to go to AA and get counselling.', 'I went on holiday for one week. When I returned, the unit manager had openly joined the gang, and the gang held nothing back (thank goodness, we had a new, temporary RN who gave me respite and an open, sympathetic voice but was too intimidated to say anything). The unit manager would make mocking faces at me, and say things like "wow, it\'s so quiet in here...it\'s a chemical thing" around me, and spouting off about "Occam\'s razor". One day, after a staff meeting, I went to the office around the corner instead of off the floor for my break while five of the gang members remained with the unit manager. From the office I heard them loudly laugh and complain about me. The casual said "thank god for you guys...if I didn\'t have your help, I\'d have no help at all", the manipulator said "Did you see her get this resident up and she was fussy?" and, "Do you see how all she has is ', ' to hang around with...I almost feel sorry for her" (she repeated this twice with different emphasis, and that I just "wander" alone). They were all laughing, and when they went downstairs, the remaining bullying RN loudly repeated my name in a mocking tone. I walked out of the office to the dining area where the unit manager and RN sat and put my yogurt spoon away. The RN smirked and the unit manager sat stiff with his back to me in an "oh shit" way after telling me he would watch for this behavior and deal with it. I left and came back after break and openly addressed my work with the "casual" in front of the unit manager. I asked her to communicate and be respectful. The unit manager then followed me, saying "I didn\'t know they were like that, this is the first time", etc., and then said that I had "embarrassed" the casual. I discussed nothing with him and reported the event to the facility leader. When she addressed this with the unit manager, he said "it was dealt with in an adult manner" and that was the end of it.  After this, I made a work error, not knowing it was policy as all my fellow co-workers did it, including the gang members. While I helped the dogmatic male co-worker who disrupted my work to help him when the other gang member couldn\'t be bothered, I broke a policy with a resident (but she was very safe). This was what the manipulator was waiting for, and she approached me triumphantly while I helped the dogmatic. She said, "don\'t you know it\'s policy?" and "', 'fires people for that". I told her I did not know it was policy, but would look into it, and then asked the RN and unit manager about it (they also said they didn\'t know, but phoned education and told it was). I was told by the unit manager not to worry about it, we\'d have a meeting as many didn\'t know, and that the manipulator "wouldn\'t say a thing". The next day, I approached the facility leader who scared me with her angry silence and a strained "I\'m busy". I held on for a week, while the manipulator suddenly acted like a drill sergeant, loudly (almost yelling) my name, followed by constant criticisms. The original bully said I got "caught" and people get "fired, fired, fired" and how I alone must accept responsibility. The casual came at me one day after I talked politely to her, calling me a "mental mess" and that I\'m about to get it. I saw the rec therapist loudly complaining about me to OH&S (I\'m a committee member), the facility leader and the unit manager. The silent triad would only gloat. I broke down.', 'I could not sleep, I couldn\'t stop shaking, I got off the bus 10 blocks too soon without knowing it, I burst out crying often in private. I stated to the one rational RN that I was resigning after the manipulator\'s last barrage, and she stated "then they\'ve won, don\'t let them harass you out of here". The two male co-worker\'s asked me not to leave, as it was the manipulator who was the gang leader and real problem. I asked them if they\'d said anything to management, and Silent Joe said he did "but they weren\'t listening". He would not detail what he said. I met with the human resources employee who also said to think about it, as I wouldn\'t be fired for what I told her I did, and I had spent so many positive years with the company. She held onto my letter. I left a copy of my diary spanning the last 6 months when I\'d first approached higher management and it went to the company owner\'s son. I asked to be allowed to resign as the situation was not being dealt with properly. I then told my doctor for the first time, and she said to quit immediately. I told her I had no other work, so she gave me a two week work-stress leave. I had no idea this would go automatically as a WCB claim. While filling out my claim, Silent Joe and the sympathetic RN signed a witness statement outlining the abuse.', 'Just before I left, an evening co-worker approached me and asked if I was ok. I broke into tears and said I was not. She asked if it was the manipulator. During my two weeks off, she\'d privately call me to see if I was ok, and gradually the story came out of all the abuse and havoc this manipulator had caused on evenings. She also told me the unit manager had sexually harassed her and showed up at work drunk on two occasions. She had also reported the unit abuse and was laughingly passed off by the unit manager, who hung out socially with the people she reported and gossiped about everything. She said the manipulator was crowing at work, stating to staff that "maybe ', ' was suspended". She also said that the male RN who was away on sick leave was the manipulator\'s best friend and silent partner (same ethnicity) who would blame me for everything, and say I was "lazy" and "deserving" of it to others on the evening shift who shared his language. She had told the others that she had never had a problem with me, and not to believe it. She kept me emotionally intact, perhaps even alive. I was also told that both the manipulator and the casual were pressing the unit manager for a full-time position.', 'After I stopped shaking, I spent my entire time researching about what I had gone through, and found out about the workplace mobbing phenomenon. I helped me immensely.', 'WCB simply dismissed my claim under "employee conflict" and mobbing was of no interest to them. I talked to a psychologist for a work assessment, and he only listened to my story, stated "it\'s only work, give them the middle finger and walk out", and that I was not mentally ill, but he could not say a thing about them without proof/his own assessment. He then charged me a lot of money for his listening time, and asked if I wanted to take a psychological assessment test for more money. The mobbing articles had warned me not to go this route, and my emotional needs were desperate for a supportive ear, and being believed, nothing else.', 'My claim  was dropped by WCB. In two weeks, my unit manager called to see if I was coming back. I asked what changes were made on the unit. He said nothing was wrong, everyone was happy and getting along great. I asked if there had been an investigation. He said there was none. I said I would give it a try, but the bullying had to stop. It did not.', '{continued in another post}
I worked for 15 years in a highly successful and profitable financial services office.  ', 'I joined the office with its new head, who had recruited me before coming aboard.  When we arrived, we found 3 employees: the bully, an accountant and a secretary.', 'On my first day(!) my boss and I were told by the bully that the accountant was "crazy" and "incompetent", and should be fired.  I was asked by my boss to investigate, and found that the accountant was, in contrast to the bully\'s story, doing a good job.  I reported back to my boss, contradicting the bully\'s story.', "My honesty and inability to be controlled turned me into the bully's next target.  No, my boss did not fire the bully -- an enormous mistake.", "Over the years, as the unit grew, the bully managed to recruit a number of incoming employees to his cause.  The accountant and I remained targets of harassment.  As well, my original boss was eventually targeted by the bully's clique and was eventually forced to resign -- a process that took about 7 years.", "The next manager of the unit had been a member of the bully's clique, and bullying became ingrained in the management culture of the unit.  This persisted even *after* the original bully left the business unit.", "I was extremely good at my job and had received 7 years of outstanding reviews, accompanying raises, and a promotion from the original manager who had hired me.  My skill level and my work product were strong enough to allow me to survive the bullying culture of this office for a remarkable 15 years (!) -- although I was never accepted by the clique, nor did I receive any promotions after the ouster of my original boss (instead, my prominence in the unit declined over the years). My compensation was held to minimum increases under the manager who had been a member of the bully's clique, and my pay did not reflect the excellence of my work or keep pace with the compensation received by other managers at my level.", 'I eventually left this organization after the ownership of the business unit changed -- sadly, the clique survived. (As you can imagine, the clique did not recommend me for retention to the incoming ownership.)', "I'm sure you are wondering why it took me 15 years (!) to get out of this wretched business unit:", "(1) I loved my work and was great at it. My job responsibilities were such that a good deal of my time was spent managing transactions with outside companies.  The job also required periodic travel. This limited some of my exposure to the bully's clique.", '(2) The economy had ups and downs and, for whatever reason, I was not offered alternative employment during the years that I worked for this business unit.  Believe me, I tried to find another job. (Fortunately, I found another job after I left this particular business.)', 'I am exceptionally lucky to have survived this experience reasonably intact. ', "(1) Leave, if at all possible, even if you do not have another job lined up.  No job, no matter how wonderful, is worth ongoing harassment.  As well, you will never be as successful as you can be at an organization where you are not respected.  I regret that I did not walk out, even without a new job. (Ironically, I had tried to resign during my original boss's tenure -- about 4-5 years after I started -- and was talked out of it by senior management because I was perceived as so valuable.  I should have just resigned. Instead, I tried to cope with the situation.) ", "(2) If you have been targeted, don't waste time trying to figure out why.  This is not a situation that you created.  The problem is *not* you -- it the workplace that is at fault.", '(3) It is hard to sue in many jurisdictions, especially if you cannot prove racial or gender harassment. (I tried to find an attorney, and was not successful.)', '(4) Keep a diary of events.  If you are able to litigate (or threaten to litigate) the diary will be crucial.', '(5) Ask that your orders (especially ridiculous ones), be furnished to you in writing.  You can tell the bully that you are doing this to prevent miscommunication. Provide key elements of work product in writing, too, and keep these records. (Thank goodness for e-mail.) ', '(1) If you are a member of management, root out any bullies early on.  No, bullies cannot be controlled.  Of course, the situation becomes worse after a clique is recruited and bullying becomes ingrained in the culture of the affected business unit.', "(2) Don't encourage rivalries or cliques as a management tool to control your subordinates, because a clique may turn on you and eliminate you. (This happened to my original boss, who attempted to get along with the original bully and, eventually, the members of the bully's clique.)", '(3) Once a bully or a clique has been empowered, bullying can become part of the ongoing culture of the work group.  The original personnel may change and the circumstances may change, but the bullying takes on a life of its own.  (I can attest to this, having seen the bullying at this business unit persist, even after the original bully left the group.)', '(4) Suspect bullying (or at least investigate the possibility seriously) if you are continually being told that one or another employee is "crazy" or "incompetent". Good managers try to improve the performance of their employees.  Managers who habitually characterize one or more of their reports as "crazy" or "incompetent" have a stronger-than-average likelihood of being bullies.
After years of being back-stabbed and bullied by three on the shift I worked (they mainly bitched amongst themselves while doing very poor work and dominating the unit), I found myself left with one (one had quit, and the other was a union president on work leave). To receive full-time, I took the last's temporary position and was often partnered with the remaining bully (and good friend of the union president).", 'For nine straight months I held my breath while doing the work of two. I worked (and still do) in an aggressive brain injury unit, doing the personal care while simultaneously attempting to lower aggressive behavior (how ironic). Near the end of this nine month period, our shift RN became unit manager: a raging drunk with severe anger issues, and very easily manipulated to get along with the staff; however, I did not know that at the time.', 'I had worked with the bully almost daily from February, and by November, I took a stand with another co-worker who had had enough. We approached the new unit manager and relayed our angst in his office on the unit. New to our team were two women of the same ethnicity as the bully (and friends), one of them was brought over from evening shift after evenings having suffered her manipulative games (many relationships were permanently destroyed). Again, I was not aware of this at the time. I had had some minor relations with her, including going to her home to give massage (I had another business) to her and her husband. I had even done my part to get along with the original bully.', 'When the co-worker and I left the office, it was agreed that the unit manager would simply talk to the bully privately to not embarrass her and ask her to work the floor. As soon as we left the office, the two new female staff and "friends" said "how could you do that to her!". The next day is when it all started.', 'For the next 6 months, the three "friends" would not talk or work with me and my fellow co-worker, and would look miserable around us. I heard them gossip to a sympathetic (and exceptionally lazy) RN that I was a "reporter" who "watched them like a hawk" (not at all). I was told that this RN was trashing my and my (male) co-worker\'s name on other units. During this time our Unit manager hired a very dangerous (controlling/narcissistic/emotionally-labile) recreation therapist who upset all the staff, and quickly had control issues with me. Three of us begged the unit manager not to pass this person\'s probationary period, but he would not listen. When the rec therapist could not dominate/influence management (at all levels), she joined the three bullying individuals and the one RN who gladly gave her the praise and attention she craved. My co-worker and I just did our job as professionally as we could, and mostly ignored their games. I would note how they would twist their negative behavior around and blame the innocent to those who would (even just politely) listen. ', 'At the 6-month mark, they (led by the evening\'s transfer) changed tactics. They suddenly invited my male co-worker into their group (divide and conquer) by giving him coffee, joining their breaks, and giving him positive attention, while complaining about me in the background. He took this line and sinker, and eagerly protected himself, saying "there\'s too many of them, and they are not about to change". They also upped their game-play against me by isolating me further (acting as if I was hated/abhorred, forcing me to do the majority of the work by "disappearing" at critical times, rushing in to slowly feed a few residents while leaving me to do all the serving, and never teaming with me or offering assistance.', 'I approached the unit manager again at this point, and mentioned their poor team effort and not sharing the work. He posted a teaming and work rotation that went ignored by them, and after a week was disposed of. The gossip now included how "controlling" I was. Three months later, I couldn\'t take it anymore. I approached the more communicative one of the original triad (the evening manipulator) and asked her help and understanding in correcting the matter. She gleefully said they were "playing games to stress me out" as I was "mothering" the unit, and if I didn\'t want to do a job, to just leave it, and it would get done by the end of the day. She also added that I was being a bitch. In front of the most aggressively silent of the triad (she\'d leave a room if a came in to help, hum and lock a cupboard in front of me while I waited to access it, etc), I stated that what they were doing was cruel, but I thanked them for sharing, although I did not agree with it. I was distressed enough with this conversation that I mentioned it to my unit manager as to what was said. He immediately called them (the triad) on it, and they simply denied it, and called me "paranoid".', 'At this time, we had a new casual female employee who quickly joined the fun against me (but she\'d tell me to just ignore their games). She became close with the rec therapist for their similar lifestyle choices (party, bar, male attention-seeking, high drama). Because I was so outcast, I only had the two remaining male co-workers (who worked together and didn\'t want to be involved as they\'d listen to their rantings all the time - one of them the one they originally attacked with me, but was now "safe"), and the unit manager, who called me "the nicest person I ever met" and started pouring out his personal dysfunctional life to me. At this time, I wrote a letter to human resources (and the company owner\'s son) but my husband asked me to hold off and try to resolve it on the unit.', 'On Halloween, I decided for once to join other staff out and socialize. I joined my unit manager, the company secretary, and my original male co-worker (I\'ll call him silent Joe) out for drinks at a local pub. We met with other company staff there and had a good time, although our unit manager drank like a sieve. When the other staff left, he took us (me, silent Joe and the secretary) out to another sports bar close by. He got aggressively hammered, took off his socks, challenged the bar staff, and made loud fun of the VP of our company. When we left (at 10:00) he went to drive. Silent Joe did nothing and took off. The secretary and I attempted to call him a cab and rationalize with him to no avail. The secretary left, and he immediately grabbed me, kissed and tongued me while I held him off. He left after getting nowhere and drove. I followed him out of concern and watched him go to another establishment before I left. The next time I saw him on shift he looked spooked, but just said "my grandfather was an alcoholic, so deal with it". When this new casual saw my upset and swore I could trust her as she "wasn\'t like that" and asked if I was being abused at home, I just said no, that I was very concerned about the unit manager and that he was very inappropriate/kissed me. Of course she just laughingly went to the triad and two others with it. At this time, I had started not speaking to them as well, except when professionally necessary, and I always thanked them in the rare instance they were forced to help (which they never acknowledged or talked back). Some of the gossip I heard back now included how inappropriately close I was to the unit manager (the unit manager would routinely spend lunch or private outings with Silent Joe or the rec therapist, not me). To me, he would just look for sympathetic ear.', 'In November, he came to me distressed, asking if I\'d said anything about Halloween. I admitted I had spoken to one person and he blew up in anger for 3 days, publicly saying things like "you\'re only as good as your last paycheck" and "don\'t let the door hit you on your way out". I emailed him privately explaining the entire event and his lack of responsibility which had me so concerned, and that my trust had been violated. He then called me, drunk, stating that he "loved" me, etc., and that his hands were tied with them, that if I couldn\'t take it, to just "get the fuck out". He then would apologize to me at work about his drinking.', '{continued in another post}
At the age of 17 I began my first job as a lifeguard at a well known boarding school in the UK. At the time of starting I was happy to be in a profession that I was interested in (the leisure industry). ', "I went in with the attitude that if I worked hard and kept my head down good things would happen, unfortunately that couldn't be further from the truth.", "The first major incident was in a first aid at work training where I was assaulted by the manager's wife (who was taking the course at the time) for no reason at all. I was doing two man CPR on the training dummie, when my partner decided to shout out that I was doing it wrong (which I wasn't). Next thing I know the manager's wife has come up behind me and walloped me round the back of the head really hard. I didn't know what happened at first then I looked around and saw her standing above me. A few people gasped when they saw this, in which point the managers wife came up to me and starting hugging me, manipulating her way out of the situation making it out to be unintentional or a joke, truly sickening. ", "This incident made me feel really depressed and suicidal thoughts crept into my head. I thought that I must be a bad person or must have done something wrong to deserve this. I felt humiliated and was in total shock that this could happen for no reason, especially at work (a place your suppose to be safe). I knew that I had been put in a no win situation as this was the manager's wife and I would have to quit if I reported her and also there be no guarantee of action been taken against her.", "A short while after this I was tricked out of days leave by my manager. A few months before xmas I was told I could take this year's leave and add it onto next year if I wanted to. I looked at the rota and thought it was a good idea to do that. Next year came round and my days leave that they promised me from last year had been wiped off. It was eight days in total (quarter of a months pay in money terms). When I questioned why they had played me along, only to trick me I was told simply, Shut Up!!", 'After about eight months working there we were put with a permanent manager to work with every day. This seemed ridiculous to me as this guy was a aggressive type and I had been working really hard whilst Other lifeguards who were turning up late, sleeping on shift, doing little or no work and nothing was done about it were been let off. It seemed I was been set up to burn me out and compensate for the lack of work other people were doing (this was later confirmed by the a employee close to the manager)', "This manager who I worked with made my life a living hell over the next eight months. He seemed like a mad man, some of the stuff he was doing was diabolical. He would make false accusations about my job security telling me that I had been fired and also writing stuff like job cuts with a arrow pointing towards my name. When I saw it I almost vomited, I had to scribble it out I couldn't bare look at it.", 'Other types of abuse were crazy making techniques(gaslighting?) such as when I cleaned the squash courts perfectly and he went round there and got a muddy broom and covered it in dirt. He then dragged me round there and told me to look at them, I was obviously hesitant cause I had just done them bout 2 mins prior. I looked at them in shock, him telling me, "no you haven\'t done them now do them"!! This made me doubt my own sanity and I felt like I was going crazy!', 'On another occasion when we were alone he started coming out with a story of how he nearly killed someone in a bar brawl. This then directly led on to him asking me, "Do you think you could beat me up in a fight"? This made me feel really frightened and intimidated by him.', "He seemed to think he was superior to everyone. On one occasion he was going on about much he did (In reality he did very little) and turning to me and telling me I was nothing, and I didn't do anything. I knew it not to be true, but that didn't stop it from making me feel absolutely worthless!", "Other incidents briefly he did were, taking me off lunch early, screaming at me when I questioned why he wouldn't take me off poolside. Lying about me when it was he who deleted important information off the computer etc etc.", 'He had a Jekyll and Hyde persona and seemed to be able to hide his true colours from other people. Charm played a big part in this as he seemed to have a on/off switch.', "He eventually left because he couldn't get his own way. And a few weeks before he was leaving he announced in the most chilling voice , I'm a right piece of sh!t here, I don't do anything here. All I do is lie to everyone, customers… everyone! It's the best way to be. This made me feel physically sick, the realisation that I wasn't going crazy, imagining things and that his abuse had been deliberately orchestrated.", 'After he left the bullying continued for the next two years. All in all there were probably seven or eight people involved, getting mobbed pretty much every day. The manager who was suppose to be managing this place would flat out refuse to. He was doing on average 4-5 hrs when he was suppose to be doing 8. So some days he would do six, sometimes three sometimes even 1hour!! When he did turn up he would ignore what was going on, lock himself in his office and go into ostrich mode (put his head in the sand ignore what was going on). This allowed bullies to thrive and I just so happened to be on the end of it.', 'After three years of constant abuse I developed severe depression and social anxiety. I left 5 years ago and have not been able to live my life or get another job. I am constantly suicidal and get migraines and chronic joint pains, have hardly left the house in a year and can barely function etc etc.', 'Sorry if this is a bit long but, I hope you can get a brief idea of what this place was like. This was kept short, as I could truly write a book about this place.', 'Thanks for reading and I would appreciate feedback.
I know I am not lonely experience this problem and it can happen to anyone and I mean anyone. I am a minority from Europe and I work in a southern state. The town is a small community were everybody knows everybody or are related to everybody. So my chances to be one of the gang are very limited. Lucky for me that I have a good sense of humour. I am also very patient and can easily learn things.', 'Coming from a small town myself in Europe I know it will take years to be accepted somewhat. So patients is what saved me. My first job was at a hardware store. It worked out fine for a start and I got along good with my coworkers who thought Europe was cool and interesting (in the beginning). After a while it  gets old and now I am the odd one. They hired a "new" girl who everybody know and obviously gone to highschool with. Comments like she is one of us! was heard but I didn\'t pay any attention to them. This girl was hanging after me every single day talking friendly to me. I had no problem with her I thought and was friendly back. Then they hired a friend of hers. And that friend was more of a bully and started to criticize all work we have done over the years. I thought she was over enthusiastic but now I know that they wanted to create their own hardware store.', "So one day the one who was fist hired came up to me together with other coworkers and asked me about what I thought about the other new hire. I gave them my honest opinion that I thought she was a little bit clumsy right now and stepping on peoples toes and that we should give her time to adjust a little but in the long run she would be fine. The first new hire responded with. -Well I see you don't like her but I do!!! and then she turned her back to me and the others followed her. Okej I thought this was odd???", 'Suddeny I was the target of everyone to criticize and whatever I did was never good enough. I had lunch alone. I have to stand by the register while the other had baby shower parties and after the party was over I could go in and get some leftovers.', 'They stepped it up by accusing me of not working hard enough and that customers couldn\'t understand me since I was from Europe. I was called in to the management every week. For things I thought was over the line ridiculous. It cost me my job and I am proud that I actually said no to these people and went on with my life. One day and the last day I worked there they were calling me in to the management and there sat my "best friend" in a chair crying and it was 3 manager there. Guess who they were at that time. The new girl hired and her best friend and the older female manager. I had no clue on what was going on.', '"How could you do such a thing against her, your friend failing her like that.', "I was like a ????? Failing to do what??? They never said but they felt like they couldn't have me working close to me so they wanted to take the responsibility of running the paint department away from me and to see that I would behave they wanted this two new girls to be my new bosses.", 'All alone with three hostile managers one crying so called friend. Who I never know why she cried for. I told myself this is it. I know I am not bullying anyone I am doing a good job. At least I was told so before they hired the new girl. The manager at that time always complemented my work and I got a lot of customers to come to the store.', "This is not right. I just smiled at them and shook my head and said: I can't work with these two girls because they harass me for some unknown reason and I am actually too proud to let that happen to me. Sorry for any hurt feelings but you know what I think I quit right now. They stared at me in unbelief of what they just heard.", 'I took the command and said end of meeting and walked out gathering my things and stepped out to the freedom and other job opportunities.', 'Later that night my older boss called me and apologized to me that it had happened that way but she felt she was out of control. I told her that she probably was but I wished her luck with the hardware store. She wondered what I was going to do now? And I answerd her: Get a good job! She wished me luck and we hanged up. End of story.', 'After this happened I suffered nightmares low self-esteem but I was glad I held my head up high when it was storming against me.', 'One day I had a horrible headache and I walked in to CVS to get a headache pill and people smiled at me and we started talking like we all been friends for ever. I said: Shit! I just had a bad work expereience and now I have a headache but no job. At least you can help me with the headache. And we all laughed together. I took the headache pills immediately and when the headache fading away I said: By the way do you have a little job for me somewhere in the store.', "I like you guys. The little I do won't even be noticed and then I smiled and they all started laughing. The manager had overheard the whole conversation and was thrilled to hire me. I got the job on the spot and I loved my work from day number one. Fun job, nice coworkers, no bullying and I felt that they finally took advantage of my knowledge and I started to learn things. Suddenly the sky was the limit it wasn't for long until I trained new employees and was sent out on putting up new makeup displays at all CVS stores in the region. At certain event I was the one representing CVS and I did it with pride. Thank you CVS for getting my self esteem back love you all.
After reading many of the articles and stories on this site, I am compelled to share one of my own.  It pertains to Community Corrections/Halfway Houses, and I was bullied differently in two of them, then permanently blacklisted from the industry.', "After moving to a western state from NYC, I got a job as a Correctional Technician at a halfway house.  Being a Correctional Technician (CT) is kinda like working in a prison, except that you have to administer drug tests, allow sign outs, and don't have to wear a uniform.  The place I'd worked at had a very high staff turnover, with most CT's not lasting a year, two tops.  I lasted close to four years, until I could not take it anymore.  I later learned that the main boss was a highly functioning manipulative serial bully.", "One of the major powers that such bullies have (especially in a 24/7 operation) is to use the schedule as a weapon.  They deliberately stick you where you do not want to be and just make you miserable until you give up and quit.  My bully also used a double standard, letting some employees get away with all but murder, while writing up others for lesser conduct.  After being unjustly written up, placed back onto probationary status, rejected from promotion 3 times, jacked out of my bonus and the raise I'd have received had I lasted the full 4 years due to probation time, then completely wrecking my life by putting me on a far more demanding schedule, I finally had enough, got a job at another halfway house, gave 3 weeks notice, and quit on (what I thought to be) reasonably good terms.  Little did I realize that I was going out of the frying pan and into the fire.", "For the first couple of months the job was good, until the new serial bully came after me.  She'd no college degree, leadership or management stills, but had wrecking people down to a science, using what I now know to be workplace sabotage, public humiliation, and exclusion to ruin staff.  Once again I tolerated it, until she went too far.  Yelling and screaming at me while at work I don't like, but can tolerate it to a point.  She burned me on my performance appraisal, finding something wrong with everything I did in all categories, and jacking me out of my 3 month raise.  I requested a follow up and a transfer to another facility, then worked the PM shift.", 'The next day I was scheduled to work the graveyard (AM) shift.  That witch called me at my house in the middle of my sleep cycle (she makes and knows the schedule) and did not leave a message, as usual.  Being half asleep I called back, to be asked "Are you coming to work tonight" by the witch\'s second in command who was working the main desk.  I confirmed, as I\'d never missed a days\' work, then the witch demanded to talk to me.  She started yelling, and I finally lost my temper, yelled back, called her a c^*T, then hung up.  I am not proud of what I said, but in context she\'d no business calling me at that time when I was understandably asleep to work the graves.  Waking me up, then yelling and screaming at me when I\'m not on duty is absolutely unacceptable!  ', 'The witch then called back, left a message instructing me not to report for work and to call the main office the next business day.  I did as instructed, never received a callback, and got my last check in the mail later in the week. The witch got me fired, claiming poor performance.', "Because of this, I was out of work for about 2 months, and was rejected from several other halfway houses.   Thankfully, I'd remembered what I'd learned in college after calming down, and that is not to make it worse for yourself.  ", 'In closing, my story is not anywhere near as bad as many I\'ve read; yet that is due to the fact that I still had my degree (BS, Criminal Justice), clean prints, good driving record, a reliable vehicle, and some money saved.  It is important for the readers to know that when dealing with being fired it is perfectly legal (in the United States) to put down "Will explain at interview" under reason for termination.  Should the interviewer ask, politely explain that you had a conflict with one supervisor.  So long as you do not badmouth the company you\'d previously worked for and admit to being disappointed, it can work out.  I now work in private security, and although I am resentful for the slightly lower wages, greater traveling time, and more hours, I\'m also grateful for not having to deal with either of those two bullies anymore!  ', 'The only real possible solution I can come up with to deal with workplace bullying is to unionize the entire United States.  Without a union contract you are employed at-will, and can be fired at anytime for any reason or no reason.  Union contracts can put in writing what is or is not acceptable conduct, as well as provide promotion criteria, and seniority benefits.  I look forward to hearing any and all replies to this post.
I have been being bullied since Christmas, being stared at, followed to the rest room, numerous things. Too many to list. I have had break downs at work. I shake uncontrollably. I have went to management. I don't know what to do. Other supervisor have seemed to go to her side. People that used to talk to me don't. I don't seem to get any help. Management listen but they won't do anything. It's hard for me to go to work every day because I know the bully will start. I need some advise or just someone to help me.", '
Is this bullying? I am a resource special education teacher that works in three different classrooms. The first classroom contains very nice and welcoming teacher and aide. I feel very comfortable around them and have good conversations back and forth.', 'The second classroom is so so. The teacher is somewhat civil. I constantly ask her for input (are you happy with what I\'m doing with your students?) and she gives me honest input. The aide is nice some days, other days not. She is in her upper 50s (both of them are). Yesterday she got mad that the teacher met with me and she slammed the door shut very hard numerous times in front of the kids, snapped at us (the teacher asked for her input on discipline and she said snottily "it\'s not my job"). She sat passive aggressively and watched the classroom unravel without her help. She and another adult were talking and she said "Let them both deal with this class".', 'The third classroom is a nightmare. The teacher and aide constantly talk about me behind my back (and no, I\'m not being paranoid, I\'ve heard them). The female teacher is young and bubbly so everyone thinks she is oh no cute but she is nice to my face then talks about me. She was going around saying things such as I\'m not doing my job, why can\'t I just do this and that snottily, but then when I confront her it\'s a dumbfounded look. I asked her if she was happy with what I am doing, she said yes. The aide does not like me so she makes comments and looks at me "boy, I can\'t stand this room anymore!" and when I say hi to her everyday she just gives me a dirty look and does not say hi back. I honestly almost throw up in my mouth when I go to this class. I have lost seven pounds in the last month, and I started to avoid the teacher\'s lounge and eat in my room.', "I do my job as what is expected, principal never complains, and I can't afford to quit. I am tenured.", 'Any input is welcome.
I was 18 when I first had my job at a yogurt place. It was a yogurt place, how hard could it be? It wasn't hard at all, I just hated the people there, specially my managers.", 'In my country, kids usually don\'t go to work unless they really, really, really, need the money (low income families). I come from a middle class family, I got a job for experience, so when I first got there and everyone discovered I wasn\'t as "poor" as them, they started treating me differently.', 'This is a little embarassing for me, but I got the job because I knew someone from "inside". I didn\'t want it that way, I just wanted to experience how a job interview worked, I didn\'t expect to get hired because the interview was horrible. I would have been happier if they rejected me since it was the fair and honest way. But I got in. When everyone knew about me knowing someone from a higher position of the company, they thought I was going to use that as an advantage to whatever. I don\'t know how they knew, I didn\'t want them to know because I knew that they were going to outcast me more.', 'Nobody really liked me, everybody thought I was weird.', "My manager already hated me on the first day, he was very intimidating. My trainer yelled at me, always getting mad at me for making a mistake or doing something out of ignorance. It wasn't just my trainer, it was also my manager. One time my friends went in to see me, I accidentally did something wrong and started yelling at me and kicking stuff in front of the customers. I was always made fun of.", 'I had a co-worker whom I thought was going to be my first real friend on the job, so we shared stories and the next day he told everybody about me and made fun of everything I just said. That made me more conscious.', 'It felt just like high school I hated it.', 'One of the things that I can\'t forget about my first job was that time when my co-worker and my manager were whispering at each other and giggling, I ignored it. My manager went up to me and said "don\'t get offended but me and ******** had a bet that if you let me touch your boobs, he\'ll give me his christmas bonus. I\'ll give you half of it." how can I not get offended by that?', "And last but not least, I can't forget about that time when the same co-worker would tell us about his random nights with strangers, he's gay, and he won't shut up. I don't have anything bad about gays but do I really want to hear how people have sex?", "After one month, I quit. I wasn't very honest when they asked me why.", "After all this, I'm scared to get another job or work with people.
As usual it started off as a bit of fun. My phone was regularly stolen however it was returned so I didn't think anything of it. My car keys were then stolen one day which took this episode to a whole new level. ", "What drove me to the edge however is the prank phone calls that I am now receiving. These are often of a sexual nature. Puns such as 'black cock' (pretending to refer to the bird) for example are often used. Although at home this may be funny and possibly enjoyable, in work this makes me feel deeply inadequate. Then one day while contemplating my future, in the toilets I suddenly remembered... My greatest fear is not that I am inadequate, my greatest fear is that I am powerful beyond measure!! This has helped me to cope and now 'the bully' practically bows to me every day! Do the same guys, lets defeat these work place bullies together!!", 'I hesitate to name the young lady who treats me with this utter disrespect however I may be forced to should this continue!
I began working for this company five years ago, having been offered the job by a friend. From the time I started, I knew the staff didn't like me. They didn't bother to hide it. I would come into work, pleasantly say hello to everyone and no one would answer. If they were having a conversation and I joined in, they would immediately stop talking. They complained about me constantly to management and heaped more and more small jobs on me until it was impossible to get even half of it done during my shift. I presented many ideas for efficiency and was never allowed to complete my presentations before one of them would interrupt and veto it. Two or three months down the road, one of the others would implement one of my ideas as her own.", 'At one point, we were down to two people, at which time I worked like a fiend to help do the work of five people. This went on for three months. Never once did my supervisor or anyone else ever commend me for it.', "I couldn't sleep, cried every day after work and sometimes on the way to work. I lost interest in all of my hobbies and constantly tried to figure out how I could do this work more efficiently, poring over articles on the net, buying books on organization - you name it.", "I finally suffered a heart attack in 2008 and was off recovering for three months. The very day I returned to work, they fired me. It's been two years since that day and I still can't find a job.", 'I\'ve been told that when people I\'d dealt with at this company inquire about me, my former supervisor only says, "We had been trying to get rid of her since the day she came here." The friend who hired me was our manager and these employees didn\'t like her but I still can\'t figure out why these people would go out of their way to destroy me professionally. I eventually went back to school and am now desperately trying to build up my own home business. We\'re in danger of losing our house and our truck. It\'s been a long, long road but I\'m finally getting there. I still resent that they took so much of my life and turned it into a living hell. And I\'m still working very very hard to overcome it.
Have been employed in same Hospital for 30 years, in heavy, demanding Medical Ward.  Am also an below knee Amputee. 3 years ago this manager was found somewhere in NZ. When she started in ward, she came armed with a "Hit List", with mainly long term Nurses she intended to get rid off. She has managed this list, except for me.  Over last 3 years my work situation has consisted of continual monitoring, complete lack of support, harrassment, being expected to work up to 7 days straight, rudeness non stop from her associate nurses.', 'It is not that easy to just leave, because am not prepared to spend last few years before retirement in Nursing Homes. Have taken this person to HREOC, Fair Work Australia and Federal Court (Which she did not attend). Despite warnings from Fair Work, her behaviour has shown absolutley no improvement.  She has been caught lieing at meetings.  Eye contact is unheard off.  She NEVER goes into patients rooms for anything.
My boss is masterful at winning debates or discussions and knows how to put a spin on things so good work is really the result of luck or others\' contributions. He uses humiliation and putdowns for his own ego gratification and avoids firing people, self admitting he prefers to "chase them out".', 'Since joining our company 3 years ago, he has hired his 11 friends from a competitor to make up a majority that collaborate covertly against the established protocols of the company. Initially they were overt making statements that the way the structure and processing of work is not like they way they did it at their last job. They realized this opened them up for criticism from executive management who finally noticed this approach and now operate like a secret society, staging humiliation scenes strategically planned and executed in the office, through emails, and audio conferences.', 'The ownership has lost control of this situation, knows in part it exists as the bottom line is protected although we are functioning with chaos and with a lack of processes and structure, wasting loyal employees time, efforts and energy, so that that they can have their way, against the formal processes that maintain continuity between sales, engineering, customer service and other departments. This group is centralized in one of the departments of this division and each day seems to be an exercise of abuse of powers, that are not even defined in the roles and responsibilities of this group yet are permitted to throw their weight around, as the man in charge of the division, is their friend and hired them. There is no respect for the ISO or TS quality operating systems and procedures, actions are do "get it done" regardless of the consequences to others in the company, as long as it is as easy as possible for these chosen (hired) few.
INCIDENT SIX: Sexual harassment is a sensitive subject and should be handled as such. During our training we briefly touched on it, but were never told how to address it or who we were to talk to. This is a mental health facility, people are not always in control of themselves, and handling violence and sexual harassment correctly is vital, especially since we work with children, there are laws we have to abide by. After about 5 or 6 weeks of working there the CEO decided he needs to talk to me about sexual harassment. Instead of both 1) talking to me privately or 2) holding a seminar for all of the new staff, he talks to me in the receptionist office as other people are walking in and out and the admin assistant is sitting next to me. Again words I will never forget, he told me, “I know we didn’t really talk about Sexual Harassment, but I want you to know that you can come tell me if it happens, because it is going to happen and I need you to tell me when it does.” I have never felt so cornered and uncomfortable in my life or at least I thought. That is not how to you talk to a female employee, basically telling them they are going to be sexual harassed.  ', 'INCIDENT SEVEN: Another project I was given. Every month the company has a monthly staff meeting, talk about profits, client increase, etc. I was told for this monthly meeting that I needed to talk to everyone about the new policies and procedures. I thought awesome, I’m great a public speaking, I prepared all of my materials for my presentation and was ready to go that morning. About 30 minutes before the staff meeting our QA/QI person asked me if I had the states for the month ready. I asked what stats, she said number of new client’s intakes, DA, therapy, IIH, etc. I said “No, I had no clue I needed that.” I was then informed that it’s the receptionist duty to prepare this information and present it for ever staff meeting. Thankfully I am VERY organized and OCD and had been keep a log clients for the month, new verses old and their services, otherwise I was intentionally set up to fail in front of my co-workers.', 'INCIDENT EIGHT: This is the incident that made me start looking for a new job. After about 5 weeks, the CEO was looking around the receptionist office and mentioned that we should move all of the old files and create new binders for the New Year. The location I was working at was a new location and they did not have the shelving space or any type of organization set up yet for the old files. We had also just placed a new order for folders and binders so I didn’t have a place to put the new files. The next day he had come in right before closing and found that we hadn’t moved the files yet. He sighed grabbed all of the binders and said “I told you to moved theses yesterday”. He proceeded to move all of them into the cluttered storage space. I replied “I’m sorry we don’t have any binders for them and you didn’t tell us when you wanted it done by”. The response I received from this I will never forget, he said “Everything I say needs to be done immediately” When I left that Friday, I immediately started looking for a new job.
INCIDENT NINE: Exactly one week after this incident came the next one. Our CEO was out of office for the day, for some meetings in Charlotte. He called me that after noon and asked what I was doing. I told him we were almost a week behind on filling and I was trying to catch up, he said that the files were important and that he was forwarding me some e-mails about IContact and wanted me to look at them and to call the IT guy if I had any questions. He sent them then called to make sure I got them. He called about 20 minutes later to see if I called the IT guy. I said no, I haven’t finished reading the website and direction yet and asked him what he wanted me to do with it. He said that he wants to send out birthday cards and a start a newsletter. I said ok, then what do you want me to do, he replied again talk to the IT guy if you have any questions and hangs up. I went to lunch and came back after I finished reading everything. He called me again and asked again if I had spoken to the IT guy for IContact, I replied, “No, I don’t know what you want me to do or what to ask him”. He again told me how he wants to send out birthday cards and monthly news letters. I said ok, but what do you want me to do, I don’t understand. He said just call the IT guy. I again ask what do you want me to ask him. He said just call him, I wanted this done yesterday. In which my response was, “You should have given it to me yesterday then”. He then said, “Forget it, don’t do it. We’ll talk about this Monday” and hung up. Again I cried, I felt like a child be given instructions without all the information and then ridiculed for no understanding. If wasn’t until a week later that he finally gave me a list of contacts that he wanted to be added and for each category, I finished the IContact project in 2 hours after this. The whole incident could have been avoided if he just told me what he wanted, which I kept asking; I am not a mind reader and do not enjoy be reprimanded because of that. ', 'INCIDENT TEN: This is last major incident and last one I am going to list; this is the one that got me fired. I had come into work one Wednesday morning to an email that some files were “missing”. They weren’t missing, just hadn’t been filed yet and responded accordingly. When the CEO came in that day he questioned us about the pile of files that we were a week behind one. He had asked us if we could get them done in 24 hours. I honestly answered “that is never going to happen”. Instead of asking why, he said, “We don’t say never here.” I then replied, “It’s just never going to happen, it’s not possible” This went back and forth a couple more times. I realized he wasn’t understanding me so I change how I was wording things and replied “Under the current circumstances we can’t get it done, we have too much work”.  He replied just try and walked out of the front office. ', 'Later that day he called me into his office. I came in and the QA/QI person was sitting in a chair and took the one next to her. He shut the door and asked if I remembered what had happened when he came in that morning. I asked which time, because he had come in several other times that day. Finally after several interchanges he told me the one regarding the files. I said yes and he asked me to repeat in my best words. I did.', 'He then repeated it as well. We basically had the same story and I didn’t deny anything that he said I said. At this point I still have no idea I had done anything wrong. The conversation slowly escalated when he told me I lacked professionalism and it lead to both of us saying very inappropriate things. The conversation lasted thirty minutes and I was completely balling lots for words. I felt cornered, degraded, and completely humiliated. He told me I was unprofessional, insubordinate, had a bad attitude, was rude, and needed thicker skin because I was crying. I told him, I’m sorry but I will need to leave after this because I felt I would not be able to maintain my composure. He then told me not to take the next day off. I was then fired Friday afternoon, after I came in a worked all day. ', 'I hadn’t realized I had offened him, during that exchange otherwise I would have tried to express my concern in another manor. It would have also gone differently if when he called me to his office, that he first stated that the QA/QI person and I were there because he felt my response about the files earlier that day was inappropriate.  The QA/QI person also had no idea why she was called to the office. He forced us both in a truly uncomfortable and unnecessary position that caused me my job.
INCIDENT THREE: The next project I was given by the CEO was to create a spreadsheet of the office budget and to not let anyone know I was working on it. The budget was for the office I worked in and his second location. We have a part-time account that does all of the balancing and budgeting so I didn’t understand why he wanted me to do it, I did it anyways. He told me he didn’t need all of the same expenses in the second office because it wasn’t as big and to take out what wasn’t necessary. I have only worked for this company for 3 weeks; I do not know what he needs to run his business. So I make the exact same spreadsheet for his new location and showed the account how to update it. I was later reprimanded for not doing my job correctly and not doing what I was asked. That he asked me to do it, take out the unnecessary items, and to not tell anyone what I was working on.', 'INCIDENT FOUR: I have a tongue ring; it is to keep me from chewing on pens, which is a horrible habit I have. I understand that some people do not consider this professional, I respect this and oblige by the rules, however, I asked after my interview if this would be a problem and was told no. The CEO noticed my tongue ring after a week of working there and instead of asking what it was he forced me to stick out my tongue and walked away. The next day our QA/QI person (the one that interviewed me) told me I wasn’t allowed to wear it anymore. The next few weeks after that I forgot to take it out a few times, I try my hardest to do so, but it happens I’ve had it for years. I usually remembered when I caught myself chewing on it and would then take it out. Unfortunately, twice our CEO caught it me and both times he reacted the same was, forced me to stick out my tongue and would say “I told you not to wear that”.  He never told me not to, he had the QA/QI person do so and all he had to do was say “Don’t forget to take out your jewelry” Instead he choose to humiliate me and I broke down to tears. I let him know I didn’t feel respected, trusted and was treated like a child.', 'INCIDENT FIVE: The next project I was given was given as a punishment because I didn’t so a different task he asked for. The Wednesday before he had asked me to start emptying out the fridge on Mondays so that we didn’t have anything go bad. I asked when we were starting this. He said wait till he sends out an email for everyone. I asked if it was ok it I put a notice on the fridge too so everyone knows, he said yes. The next Monday I hadn’t emptied the fridge because he hadn’t sent out the email about the fridge and told me we would start all the new policies at the same time.  Since I didn’t empty the fridge like I was supposed to I was told I had to create a check list of the duties I did when I opened and closed. That this was my “punishment,” and yes he used that exact word. ', 'Mind you, I have been here four weeks and still have not been trained, so I’ve been guessing and corrected as I go along. He wanted me to make a check list in case anyone else had to open if I was out sick. I thought ok makes sense, so I did this. When I finished he told me I hadn’t done it correctly, I told him I didn’t understand. He wanted me to create a separate checklist for closing at 5 and closing at 8, I have never closed at 8 and didn’t think there was a difference, I later found out there isn’t. I told him I didn’t understand again, that I don’t close at 8 so I don’t know what the difference is. I said “I have only been here for 4 weeks, I was never trained and this is what I do and if there is more tell me because I don’t know or understand.” He ended up doing most of it with me there, and asked me to finish it. I copied and pasted the closing directions from 5 to 8 because I still didn’t know the difference, even asked one of the other girls if there was one and she said no.
I had quit my last job as an Assistant Manager at a Fast Food restaurant because of the way they treat their Managers. I pulled an average 60 hours a week forced to come in on my day off with out extra compensation. However, this story is about the job I obtain after quitting and 3 months of unemployment.', "I got a job as a Receptionist/Admin Assistant at a Counseling Center for Teens and families. I felt I couldn't have gotten a better job. I am getting ready to start grad school and wasn't sure if I wanted my masters in psychology or education, I just knew I wanted to work with children. This was a perfect opportunity, flexible hours, decent pay, great friendly, family atmosphere, and lots of children. They were even willing to work with my school schedule. ", 'I was even smart enough to ask during the interview how the position came open. The women doing the interview said they had almost double their client base in the last year and needed the extra help and that the other Receptionist / Admin Assistant had been there for 5 years. The opportunity seemed too good to be true; I should have known it was. ', 'Everything started off great, or at least the first three days of training, which was spent going over all of the legal requirements of working in mental health. The last two days of the week were to be dedicated to training our perspective positions. ', 'INCIDENT ONE: One day of one my training, I was alone all day. The other Office Assistant had requested the day off months in advanced and I was left alone to fend for myself. I know how to answer a phone, but have no idea where the files go, any ones extensions or the policies/procedures for anything, as if I was being set up to fail. The next day I was corrected on my actions and "shown" the right way to do things. ', 'INCIDENT TWO: The Monday after the week of training our CEO gave a project to the Part Time Receptionist. She was to retype and make a digital copy of a paper book including the policies and procedures of another Mental Health facility we were adopting as our own. He told her he wanted it done by Friday; the packet was almost 100 pages long. Now if this was all we had to do in the office if wouldn\'t be a problem, but we had plenty to do to keep us busy all day. So I offered to help. We didn\'t finish it until about a week and a half after its due date. I was constantly asked "what\'s taking you so long" "I wanted this done last week" "You have other stuff you should be doing". At this point I still haven\'t even trained on what it is I should be doing, just guessing.
My boyfriend owns a small landscaping business, and I have helped him run it for eight years. I am currently attending school as my B.S. was exactly that when it came to finding a job-B.S. I often accompany him on jobs, and am trained on most, though not all, of the equipment. I can handle the majority of the physical labor, and have no problem getting my hands dirty. Working in the great outdoors used to be enjoyable.', 'This past spring we hired a man I\'ll call "Larry." He was recently let go from a medical sales position in which he was making six figures a year, and basically running the show. In a period of six months, this man lost not only his job, but his vehicle, his beach condo, his savings, not to mention his sense of security, well-being, and self-worth. Despite our personality differences, and his sometimes deplorable behavior, I still feel for this guy, and want to help him out.', 'The first few days he seemed reasonably normal and professional. As time passed, the layers of the onion were peeled away, and he emitted the tear-producing chemicals wherever he could.', 'Within the first week of working, he glared over at me as I was mowing, and made a motion with the trimmer as if he was going to decapitate me, and muttered to my boyfriend, "Here, let me solve your problem."', 'He once put the wrong type of gas in a piece of machinery, and proceeded to blame me for the mistake. (I have definitely made mistakes at work, owned up to them, and learned from them.) He has a knack for impersonations, and he took on the persona of a gameshow host, and said, "Bob, I think we have a winner. Ding! Ding! Ding! Could it be Heather that put the wrong gas in the blower? All signs point to yes!" I have been doing this job for eight years. The gas cans are clearly marked. I think I know which type of gas goes in the machinery by now.', 'One day we were driving to another job site, and, out of the blue, he says, "My friend told me I was going to be working with hot women this summer. Do you have anyone else working with you?" Then, a few minutes later, he blurted out, "I\'m going to hell for staring at that fourteen-year-old girl. I need to get laid." (He is forty-one.) Guys will be guys, right?', 'Another day, he pointed to a bus for handicapped children and sneered, "Hey, you should know those, didn\'t you ride the short bus to school?" Comments like these became more frequent as time went on. He once told me, "Aw, you\'re just one of the guys" and playfully punched me in the arm. Then he asked me if people thought I was post-op (meaning a sex change from a female to a male) and chuckled.', 'His mood swings became more readily apparent, and he informed us that he is bipolar and unable to afford his medication. I understand that there are people who have mental health issues, and tried to keep that in the back of my mind when he would spout off or throw a temper tantrum.', "He constantly rolls his eyes and shakes his head when I am performing tasks at work. He makes fun of me behind my back, and thinks I can't see his one-man sideshows.", 'Fall eventually came, and we were putting fertilizer down on our clients\' lawns. We use a manual fertilizer, and I was pushing it along, as I usually do, and I look over, and he is watching me and laughing. He tells me, "I feel like I am watching the handicapped at the Special Olympics." He kept laughing and walked away.', 'I was backing the mower off the trailer, which I have done countless times before without causing any injuries or accidents. He shook his head, and asked, "Did your mother have any children that survived?"', 'The latest situation involved a trimming job. Again, a schoolbus for the handicapped passed by, and his comment was such: "Hey, you know that bus, where we\'re all winners, even when we\'re losers."', "You might think I am pathetic for tallying all of these comments, but I needed to vent. I used to complain to my boyfriend about his behavior and comments, some of which he made in front of him! I do know my boyfriend keeps this guy on because, as of now, he has nowhere else to go, and reliable, hard-working people are hard to come by in this field. Both of us have soft spots for the downtrodden also. How I deal with this guy? I simply don't react to any of his comments or tantrums. I have found the best reaction is no reaction. He might have run a large multi-million dollar company, but the ball is still in my court.
I have been being bullied by my upper management. They have been trying to cut our staff. But instead of doing it the right way and laying people off they are bullying people into leaving or bulling their people into signing off on bogus write ups and performance programs.', 'It is so bad people have complained to Human Resources and the department has not filed any of the complaints they have just fired the people a few weeks later. Anyone who may have some information on what to do please respond!
I work in an office environment and get along with the boss, his boss right up to the MD. I have never been one to join in social events etc. I often keep to myself although work as a team member. A lot of the people I work with I have known two years. I am the highest paid person there as a tutor but no one knows this except me and my boss.', "Just before Christmas a colleague a newbie claimed I was talking about her. My boss pulled me aside and asked me if I had I told him the truth that I had talked to her but not what she claimed I said. I thought that was the end of it. Then my boss told me 'they' were saying I kept myself too much to myself and I had to join in more.", 'I talked to my colleagues and they all said the same thing. They thought I had not changed and agreed that if there was a problem they would talk to me directly. Feeling better I became happier, in fact the happiest I have been. I have more work than them and always get my work done on time. Appraisals are due in a few weeks.', 'This last week after returning from the Christmas break I had not been able to be with my colleagues a lot because we were being audited and my boss wanted me to get all the paperwork in order which meant staying behind till 7pm four nights a week. I normally finish at 5pm. I only said a few sentences to people usually in passing.', 'My boss pushed me into a meeting with the auditor so I got roasted instead of the boss then immediately after that my boss told me three people had complained about me - he said he did not believe them and was not going to take it further but would not tell me who (although I do know who) or what was said.', "He told me to be ultra careful when talking to colleagues about other work colleagues. I was confused as I said I had said very little and asked him to tell me what was said. He refused so I was wondering how I am supposed to watch what I say on certain topics if I don't know the topic I was supposed to have talked about anyway.", "When he left the building I returned a phone to a colleague and accidentally dropped in onto a file and it slid down the file. She was busy on another phone so I went back to my room. The door slammed as my window was open. The next thing I knew one of the said colleagues came in and proceeded to give me a lecture as to how I'm not a team player and how badly I had just treated this other colleague.", 'I was gob smacked. My boss rang and I told him. He heavily suggested I apologize. I did but felt I did not need to. Later on the colleague slammed my door yet nothing was said. I have not said anything to anyone. Irony is I have not had time to stand around and talk like the others do!', 'Should the boss have told me what was being said ? I am keeping a diary and recordings of any conversations I have with people now.
I work for a small non-profit but one with huge political connections. About a week ago my boss gave us all a letter that was written by the chairman of the board requesting that we donate to the organization we work for. Basically said that all non-profits ask their board and employees to donate to them and some funding sources look to see if an organization has 100% participation.', "When my boss gave us the letter she said that this kind of annual letter was standard in the non-profit world but it was just a one time letter and we wouldn't hear anything about it again. Also said that no one would know who gave, or how much. OK.", "Well, one, both my husband and I have worked in non-profits our entire career and this didn't seem standard to me. But whatever. Two, I don't really believe in the work we do, for me it is just a job. So I didn't plan to donate. Thought that would be the end of it. Nope.", "Got an email from the President/CEO the other day saying that I was one of the few that hadn't made a donation yet and basically to reconsider and if I needed more time to consider a donation to come she her. I thought, no I have decided, don't need any more time, good to go.", 'Well, just got called into my bosses office asking about my donation. She said that she thought maybe I had forgotten. I said nope, all set. Well she told me that they are almost at 100% and that I might be talked to by the President and CEO. I then volunteered that I give my money to another charity and she said that even a $1 would be good (of course so they can get their 100%). At this point I am not giving a dime.', "What happened to no one knowing about it and the initial letter being the only thing we would get. When I got the letter I thought that it was going to be a problem. Instead of the donations going to an external accounting firm or something, anything external, they were suppose to be given to the President and CEO. So if she knew who did and didn't give then you can bet my boss would know and that is exactly what happened. I will now be on the shit list I am sure but I will not give a dime at this point.
It started, as a new hire, my boss came up to me and said to me, "I got in trouble for hiring you!" I asked why. I got no response. Then from there I was told I had no authority over three certain people. Then I got accused of stealing and then I was told that my boss didn\'t want me under her as her assistant for ragging on her!', 'Then I found out my boss was using my password for my raining courses.  Then I was told the things I did were stupid. Then I was told on the phone was I on drugs because my voice sounded like it! Then I was screamed at on the phone because I hurt myself in a dip hole on my job, and on top of it I was a new hire never train properly from the start!', "I was also forced to go on a FLMA, and took off work for light duty restrictions, also put on light duty restrictions without any manager going over them with me! Now before my injury at work I felt like worthless and ending my life… but now I feel I have god on my side and I'm the head not the tail, of this crazy story, but it's true... I went through this at a big corporate job! I will win this case!
At the age of 37 in May 2009, I landed an executive job at an up and coming company with high visibility. The company relocated me to New York from my native Boston. It was not the first executive role I'd held, in fact it paid 10K less than my previous job which I had left to start my own company. Unfortunately, my timing for my company coincided with the economic crash of September 2008. With the state of the economy such as it was, my new company could not get off the ground and I had to seek another high paying position. I felt extremely fortunate to be offered a six figure income at the job in NYC plus bonus, because it is truly one of the worst job markets in memory.", 'Immediately from the moment I accepted the position, there were signs that things were "off" with the company in NY. For example, before I started work there, I emailed a question to the HR manager who had formally offered me the job and with whom I\'d negotiated the payment package. Her email bounced back with a comment that she no longer worked for the company. I later found out that she had been escorted out of the company that day; fired out of the blue. Nobody took the trouble to reach out to any incoming hires who might be slightly bewildered to find the HR manager was abruptly fired just as they were joining the company.', 'And indeed her abrupt firing did impact me. The company insisted on highly invasive background checks including credit checks the results of which were contingent on the offer being "official". Because I know my credit to be spotty, I asked the HR assistant who had taken over from the manager to confirm in writing that the results of all the background checks were in and acceptable and that the offer was truly now "official." I did not want to start the job and then be told "oh your credit check did not work out, please pack your things and go." So I was careful to confirm that they were ok with the results of the credit check before I left for NY. The assistant in HR did confirm this in writing. However, he was incorrect: at the time of his writing that, he had not even processed my background and credit checks, he had literally not even submitted these. He did not get around to submitting them until after I was already at work in my new job. About the third week of my being there, my boss who was as strange as they come at the best of times, started acting extremely disrespectfully to me. I knew at once what was the source: I intuited that the result of the credit score had only just come in. It was the only explanation for the sudden change in his attitude. I knew that even though I did not at the time know that the credit check had been submitted so late. I could feel my boss\' lack of respect immediately; my skin turned to gooseflesh from it. It was 3 weeks into my job and he wanted me gone. But he couldn\'t get me out, not legally.', 'It was the fact that I had requested -- and had received -- written confirmation that the credit check had gone through without issue and that the offer was official -- that prevented them from firing me on the spot. Which they undoubtedly would have done otherwise.', "So that happened in my third week there. I told myself that I could still win him over. After all, I was there, he couldn't get rid of me (or so I thought). If I worked hard and did good work, I could reverse his bad impression from my credit score.", 'But even before then, from the moment I walked through the door, it was the most hostile environment I have ever had the displeasure of working in. I had three direct reports. I met with two of them on the first day. The third one did not bother to make herself known to me: I later found out that she was the daughter of the chairman of the board, hence her confidence that she did not have to ingratiate herself with her "boss". The first direct report I met introduced herself by saying that she should have had my job. She went on to say that she was more qualified than the other two of my reports and that she should be managing them both. The second direct report introduced herself, saying that she was on the brink of a nervous breakdown from overwork. Then she went on to say that she was more qualified than the other two of my reports and that she should be supervising them. Both of these reports made it crystal clear that they considered my status as their boss highly impermanent -- they each claimed to have had bosses that each lasted no longer than 3 months previously. They greeted me as: so you\'re our supervisor this week\'. Then I watched as these two women, who both only minutes before had just indicated extreme disrespect about each other, leave together to have lunch. Why invite the new boss, right? She\'s only temporary. They were already loudly gossiping about their impressions of me just moments after I had finished talking to them. I could hear them; that\'s how rude they were.', 'It was such a terrible impression that I cancelled the subletting of my home in Boston: honestly I felt the whole place was such a hostile disaster that it could blow up at any time. Had I the remotest alternative, I would have run for the hills.', "I am a single mother, I had my son when I was 21. I put myself through two highly regarded graduate programs. It is the core of my self pride to be able to provide for my son. There is nothing I would not do to provide for him, and to provide for him amply. So I stuck at this job. I worked 80 hour weeks. I rose above the saboteurs' hideous behavior, I produced great work, I tried to work in good cheer. I am passionate about what I do -- and I actually really enjoyed the work. I managed out the two hideous women I described earlier. But in the end, it did not work. I could go on for 50 pages about all the hideous treatment I got from would-be competitors in that hostile workplace. I could describe the way my despicable boss clearly sent a signal to women placed well below me that there would be no consequences for being utterly rude to me; he wanted me out as soon as he saw my credit score. In his anal retentive, mathematician's brain, he could not fathom how someone with a weak credit history may be an excellent professional. It's called single parenthood, folks.", "So women placed below me, and one in particular, plotted and planned against me. I was well placed, a rare female exec in a male dominated company. I'd more than earned my role, I had the education, I had the experience, I was committed, I worked ridiculously hard, and I produced amazing results. Nobody ever faulted me on the quality of my work.", 'I was fired less than a year after my start date because I had "failed to integrate with the team." The team by the way were exclusively my juniors. I was the only female exec at my level -- and the only exec at my level who was expected to work exclusively with my juniors -- oh and the juniors treated me like I was their subordinates.', 'I called them on it. I am not afraid of confrontation. Again, it did not work. After all, my boss who was COO, made it known that they could go after me with impunity. He wanted them to. In time, I lost my sense of humor -- the critical asset one needs to survive a hostile workplace. They were able to characterize me as cold and haughty. They got rid of me. And the young woman who was the orchestrator of the sabotage now supervises the staff I recruited.', "I don't know if it would help me to write out all of the terrible things I went through at that company; all of the things I rose above. Each one, in exhaustive detail. I remember it all so vividly. I know that in some terrible way, surviving for one year in a place like that is some sort of masochistic triumph. But the experience has given me post traumatic stress disorder. It is more than 6 months since my firing and I think about my old job each and every day. Tiny moments from that year appear before me as I walk down the street, or take a shower, or moments after I wake up, random moments from the year I spent in that hell. My brain searches and analyzes: how could I have handled it better? Most of the time, I can't think of anything I could have done better. That I think is what hurts my brain the most. What can I learn from this? What did I do wrong?", "In a normal workplace. I would have been promoted instead of fired. I know this, but I can't stop berating myself, feeling like a failure.", 'And lastly, since I knew from the moment I walked in there -- that that place had "batshit crazy" written all over it, why, oh why am I berating myself for being fired from there? So many good people were fired from there. So many good people are sabotaged all the time. I knew the place was mean and crazy, I always knew that -- so why does it hurt so badly to have been treated this way? It must be primal. I was not the survivor. I was escorted out of the building by my boss, like I was a criminal. I was the road kill. And I get to be the roadkill in front of my son who needs to look up to me, his only parent. The shame and humiliation are unfathomable. I don\'t know how to tell this story without my being the loser in it. I can\'t figure out how to understand what happened without feeling myself a failure, an innocent incapable of surviving in the real and all too cruel world.', 'But if I could go back in time and give myself a bit of advice, here is what I would have said to myself that first week I\'d arrived in that hell hole. "Work 9 to 5, and then in every available other moment, LOOK FOR ANOTHER JOB. GET THE HELL OUT OF THERE AS SOON AS YOU CAN. Don\'t wait for it to get better. Don\'t try to win these freakshows over. GET OUT! GET OUT! GET OUT! (Once you have a job" Boy, do I wish I had told myself to do that instead of like a battered wife, try to make it better, try to rise above the inhuman treatment I received.', 'Thanks for any advice you can give. It is most sorely needed.
I work in a military field. I used to be a person that many I worked with thought as someone they wanted on their team. Lately, I feel my family would benefit more if I was not in the picture. Nothing I ever did at my old workplace was good enough. I was the topic of conversation, the whisper on every gossip's lips, the subject everyone knew not to discuss when I was present. I was sick everytime I went to work, felt like I had to watch what I said, what I did, who I talked to, and where I was. On the outside my jokes and laugh could not brighten my dark and gloomy thoughts, my feeling of personal defeat, and self-worthlessness knew infinite proportions.", 'I was told I was a stupid person, a worthless waste of funding that would end up in jail if I did not learn to the ways they wanted me to. My training cell was told if they trained an idiot like me I would be dangerous to be associated with, and that my family was to be treated as I was. The community turning their back on me was bad, and had many negative effects that seriously impacted my life outside the military to this day. I was told I am mentally unfit for certain aspects of the tasks at hand and that I undergo mental re-evaluation by medical professionals.', 'This was all within a few days of me having a good review that totally angered the higher ups expecting my downfall. The person that wrote my report was transferred, and I was sent to work in another part of the military. I do not understand what it is I do to make some bosses feel this way, but I know it really hurts career development. My evaluation was lost, never found, and the new bosses I have are having to develop all new reports.', 'The people I used to serve with there sympathized with my situation, seemed surprised I was not at the old workplace, yet when I needed help they were too afraid to help, or were disregarded as unimportant and hearsay. The more I hear about these groups of bullies in the workplace and stories of similar folks in the military, the more I know I am not alone, yet how come I feel like I got screwed?', 'I feel like it is something that everyone knew something but they remained silent. When they needed help with any project on duty or off duty, be it monetary or work related myself and my family was more then happy to accommodate them. I know they continue to do this cliquey attitude, eat thier own, backstab, spew endless rumours to all who care to hear the latest blogs on everyone on base, and their counterparts do their damnedest to spread the news to every ear within a 100 mile radius.', 'I do not think it is appropriate that when my family hears how poor or useless the father is at the local supermarket, or that the child you raise may be a nutjob like the crazy parent raising them overheard at a local eatery... When the matter seems to not be an issue is when one or more of these fairweather friends needs something, or it is the good samaritan in me that looks the other way and just has to do their duty and get the job at hand done. Then by the next week or day the same people you help have had some other rumour or garbage on you or your family.', 'Could it be that all I have done is just been a good person for too long? Should I resort to my previous ways and become something the neighborhood should fear? Should I just cut them all off and treat them in the same disregard I do? If that is the case... what should I do?', 'I used to be someone quite capable of doing much damage with no care or concern for human life or other. That was what I was trained for, yet in my new line of work I am no longer required to act on my feelings I used to call upon.', "I know I am not a stupid idiot, useless piece of human waste, nor am I worthless scum ending up in a prison cell for my actions. I am suffering from skin disorders, can hardly sleep, at odds with my family over all of this, I checked every box when I read Anton Hout's ad for his ", '. I have all of those symptoms, plus, I have severe aggression issues I keep in check at all times.', 'However, when that switch goes, I go black inside like a TV getting shut off, and I come to either in a bloody mess and broken items all around or in cuffs. I feel either way is not how I want to be nor live. I feel like a coward for not letting the beast out, or having the freedom to say how I feel without having some person looking to better themselves and use me as the scapegoat again. With tied hands, my eyes are now dry, scaly and itchy.... my body aches and is tired at the best of times. I have a hard time trying to remember the simplest tasks at work, and am told at the new place I need to FOCUS - F OFF Cause Ur Stupid.', 'It has to be something in me that they see when I try to be around these people. I want to get better and I want help, yet I seem to get more problems and doctors that pump me full of zoloft, talk about painful issues in my past, yet cannot help me in the now... Is there anything I can do? Please help I am so confused, upset, and tired I cannot keep up this 10 year old lie. I will remember, but will they remember me?
My mobbing at my job began in 2002 when my coworkers began repeating conversations I have in the privacy of my own home and phone. I thought I was loosing it and began to seek help. I started seeing a Psychiatrist who when I explain what was happening to me label me with a mental illness (this is always to case when dealing with individuals who says that they are the victims of workplace mobbing) and prescribe me medication and told me that what I was experiencing would stop.', 'Well I am here to say that it did not stop and I am still mob and harass at me job. My manager would try to belittle me in from of my coworkers for things I did not do or have no involvement in, would treat me as if I was his whipping boy. He would treat the other employees with respect. Employees in the company would gang up on me with psychological harassment tactic like shaking changes in the pocket as they approach me, as well as cover their mouth.', 'They would take my personal belongings and subject me to dangerous situations, like sending me to work at our other facility cross state and not provide transportation to bring me back (I have to take to shuttle van back to work and sometimes have to sit on the van floor if another person was coming back also, very dangerous on the highway). I am also subjected to my manager grabbing his crouch when to come over to speak with me, but this is all in my head and once label with a mental illness who is going to believe you.
I am on the end of a slander campaign by one or two people in my community.  This is related to my previous entries on the supermarket mobbing I have experienced.', 'I cannot be sure what is being said but I am completely sure it is malicious in nature.', 'Some people who were once friendly with me, quite suddenly, overnight, stop talking to me.  The postman who used to be so friendly, suddenly acts as if he wants to avoid me and now looks at me with suspicion. However, there is no indication, yet, that my mail has been tampered with.  A few other people seem to be acting in the same way or they seem wary in some way.', 'I am/used to be a member of the Neighbourhood Watch Scheme run in our area.  The couple who signed me up last year would send me daily e mail updates on the crime situation in our area.  These e mails stopped suddenly on 30th November 2010.  I have received no more since.  Of course I cannot be sure whether or not someone has said something detrimental about me to these two people.', 'I emailed them the other day.  I am still waiting for a reply.', 'My local Thursday newspaper has stopped arriving.  Again I am not sure why, since it depends on whether anyone is distributing it.  I shall find out, and if they are distributing it still, I will ask them kindly if they can post it through our door once again.', 'I do not know what is going on, but I wondered if there could be an attempt by someone to isolate me.  If so this is a nasty crime.  However, I can find nothing so far in the way of WRITTEN defamatory comments, so I cannot approach a solicitor.  The sheer lack of evidence makes this almost impossible to prove.  I shall keep posting on here and writing updates because it is all I can do at present.', 'IF it is defamation this person is committing an offence as far as I know.', 'What I am sure about, is that they seem to be very clever at influencing people and getting them to believe everything that might be said.
This sounds pathetic and I'm almost embarrassed to talk about it, but its a true story: I work in a small office doing administrative work running a company that supports 30 individuals with developmental disabilities. I also support these individuals directly handling their finances, medical needs, behavioral issues. So its very hands-on, people oriented work. I worked round the clock in the office and with clients hands on for 2.5 years with an increasing workload, completely ignoring my personal life, and nothing to show for in reference to friendships or relationships. I was just working all the time.", "I'm also European, so my work ethics and professionalism is high. This person, who had worked for us previously, 2.5 yrs ago, and who had actually trained me in my current job, was hired back to work for us at her request since her husband is sick, and she wanted to move back to FL. She is also best friends with the (husband/wife) bosses. They connect by religious bonds and she feels she is their child, they helped her financially numerous times, they feel they married her off since they were helping with the wedding issues etc. Anyhow, it was like a lost child, black princess, spoiled brat came back home. (The employers are white by the way.) She, the one who returned, was given a free house to live in (taking care of clients), a car, a job, and who knows what else, which I don't really care about. She also was offered to work in the office to help out.", 'From day one in the office she acted like a bully/spoiled brat, didn\'t accept my advice, help, rudely corrected me, when I tried to explain how something is done her response was "I know what P. wants, I\'ll do it that way..." she did things her way, in ways we had abandoned 2 years ago, the boss people let it go, she became more brash, any complaining from my side felt like I was small minded so I didn\'t say anything. Several times she rudely cut me off when I started to say something, so I just started to ignore her.', "I knew this behavior would eventually backfire, against me, and it did. Group dynamics are difficult when you are up against someone in a favored position. Favoritism is the most devastating of all workplace issues. Now they have hired another one of their personal friends/favorites in the office. Its two against one, since those two people bonded right away, and I'm the odd one out. I have worked in a lot of positions and have trained people in Europe for years, this is the most awful and ridiculous experience I have ever had at work. Rudeness, bullying, favoritism, there is no healthy balance in this office anymore.", "As always with new people on the job, they try to assert themselves, and in a small company they will stab anything/anybody in their way to get the bosses attention and approval. So on a daily basis I'm dealing with protectionism, separatism, rudeness, people producing their own show to look good, bypassing me to get to the boss.", 'The workload is divided between the three of us. I heard one of the two new people talking about a client who is on my caseload and giving advice on my client without involving me, talking back and forth loud with the boss, getting his approval on the fantastic job she is doing with my client. I went to see that client the same evening and took care of a situation just as well.', 'Things are happening behind my back, they talk about things I should be involved in, I am out unaware of things, and the two people in the office are gaining more influence stabbing me in the back. I am now admitting that this has caused me anxiety and possibly a form of depression because I cannot stop crying, I cannot even talk about the events at work because I start sobbing uncontrollably and hate myself for it. It has become almost impossible to go back to work for me, I get anxiety attacks when I turn in the street where the office is located, the boss even told me that I am one of their least favorite persons in the company. That did not make it easier to work there.', "Talk about psychologically beating down a person. I see only one solution to my current life situation and that is to quit and make room for the two bitches from hell who have invaded my life in the rudest way. This is a women dominated workplace and I have noticed the worst catty and backstabbing behavior from these women and am pretty discouraged. I think I am a good and capable person, however these going around my back dealings are killing me. There is no openness, there is no HR person one can turn to, there is just reaction to a situation when it's almost too late and there is punishment.", 'Thanks for reading this, Sabine
I have been working with this company for 7 years. 3 years ago, I was relocated to a foreign country on a 3 years contract. I'm hard working and extensively experienced in my area of work. I was reporting into a manager who also relocated from another country.", 'In the beginning of my tenure this manager was very mean with me and after 2 or 3 months, he became friendly. However, his behavior made me feel very uncomfortable at work. He used to speak a lot about sex, women, his expectation about girls and all that stuff that made me feel embarrassed. I was the only woman in his team.', "After a few more months, he told me that he had been noticing that I was undergoing some stress and depression. He asked me to be honest with him and without being shy - to tell him about my stress and he would help me. I was shocked and confused and told him that I was not stressed and depressed. I also told him that he shouldn't speak to me that way if he does not have anything to substantiate his perception.", 'Since then he was upset with me and started being mean with me again. He managed to get his manager, yet another manager and two of the HR managers into his gang and all of them together gave me such tough time that I honestly felt that ending my life would be easier than undergoing the harassment. They did all that they could do to terminate my employment. All of the company policies including my employment contract were violated to make up reasons for firing me from my job. It was extremely tough for me to defend for myself.', 'When I collected enough evidences of harassment and retaliation, I started legal procedure. By this time people at very high levels interfered and moved me out of that project and into another project in the same city. I tried to forget my past horrible experiences as I thought that was my only recourse. I continued to do a good job in the new project also and worked harder to make up for the years that I lost to workplace harassment. My hard work and goodwill were recognized by my current managers also.', 'However, 6 months after I moved to the new project, the main abuser of the previous project also came to work in the same office. He moved himself out of the other project and is attempting to find a position in my current project. And also he unnecessarily comes around the place where I sit and starts some silly conversation with people who sit around me and talks aloud and distracts me.', "I'm much disturbed because of this man's behavior. After all the retaliation that I suffered in the previous project, I do not know how to handle him and whom to report him to. I do not want to tell my current managers about the troubles that I had gone through because I feel that even if I tell them, they will only side with the abuser because I see that this person is close to all of my managers. I cannot understand his intentions.", "I have been searching for another job since 2 years but have not even had an interview in the past 2 years. I'm hopeless about finding a new job in this recession period. Can anyone suggest how to deal with this man and get him out of my office? Can I take legal action for the harassment that I had undergone 8 months ago? What other recourse do I have to be at peace once again?", '---', '
I trained DF when he started at the same insurance company as me. He was very confident and brash.', 'After a year of working there, he stopped speaking to me and began to make snide comments about me in front of the team. He questioned my ability to do my job, made fun of the what I wore and even how I ate. He also began spreading vicious rumours about me around the company at work and during various functions.', 'My health began to suffer and I was diagnosed with depression. I dreaded going to work and did everything I could to avoid him. My family were very worried about me.', 'During a meeting, he yelled at me to \'shut up\' and afterwards I approached him about his behaviour and he told me to "f*** off". I put in the complaint to the department manager , who cautioned him about his behavior.', 'Two months later, at the office Christmas party, a colleague approached me to tell me something and DF took her by the arm and stopped her.  Later that evening he performed a smutty sketch which falsely portrayed me as having an affair with a co-worker. I cried for three days straight and considering ending my life.   ', 'Fortunately, he moved to another department soon after. ', 'Through the grace of God, I have forgiven him and I feel sorry for a human being who takes pleasure in tormenting another. I believe bullies like DF deserve pity.
I have worked for a WIA nonprofit organization for over 11 years. The first year I was promoted and everything went well until in 2002 the Executive Director quit and the board appointed the Fiscal Manager as Executive Director. ', 'This ED accused me of harassment and gave me a 18 month reprimand in my personnel file. I worked in a satellite office from 2004 until 2007 with no problems. Then because of a citation on my driving record, they insisted that the only job that I could qualify for was the Receptionist in the main office, the job I started with back in 1999. With the demotion, I took along two duties that I was assigned while working at a Technician. Which after a meeting with management and the union representative only to be denied any compensation, I declined to the the duties that I had been doing since my demotion in March of 2007.', 'Even though I was told that the Receptionist was the only position that I was qualified for, my Supervisor offered me a Technician position in November of 2007 (similar to the position I had held before demotion) but would not give me any raise or other compensation, so I declined the position. ', 'I was given additional duties that were not on my position description, preparing the accounts payable. Then also was given a duty from the Employer Technician of checking time sheets and entering on a payroll sheet. This was expanded to do a youth Green Job program with 62 participants. The time sheets that came to me had errors in calculation of hours and overtime. I did the Green Job payroll two times by myself and had only one error, where I was returning 16 or so time sheets back person calculating the hours for corrections. ', 'The Executive Director invited all staff to bring any concerns to her, so I did, with proof of the excellent job I had done on the corrections of the time sheets and accounts payable. ', "The Executive Director retaliated against me by accusing me of breach of confidentiality, asked to resign, or a letter of commitment. Later that same day, I was called into the Executive Director's office and the duty of doing the accounts payable was taken away from me after two years. ", 'The union representative that I was working with to respond got injured and the response letter was delayed, so the management came in on a Saturday and went through my personal belongings and the computer. Our personnel policies state that no personal information be on the computer, recently when we had a system update, the Administrative Specialist came around to all employees to show them where to put their personal files, so that they are not deleted. Even though, I was terminated over the phone, on Saturday. ', 'But that was still not enough, I was prohibited from gathering my personal belongings, then sent a certified letter threatening to throw out my personal belongings and insisting that I cash my check immediately or they would cancel them and turn over to the Labor Bureau.', 'Worked for the organization for 11 years, but the last six were miserable, management continued to upgrade positions within the organization, while keeping me down, until I was the lowest paid employee in the organization.
My 'mobbing' story happened at university. Having learning disabilities, and Asperger's Syndrome, I often had to work harder than other people to accomplish the same thing. I usually realised the goal, sometimes earned the contempt of some fellow students and even the occasional prof.", 'The trouble started with one or two people who thought I had no business in school. They expressed this opinion by stealing my stuff, swearing at me, taunting me etc. Somehow, they also managed to turn other people against me; so I eventually found myself ostracised –previously friendly people would avoid looking at me, talking to me, or even associating with me in any way.', 'I have never learned what was said to turn so many people into strangers but, as I became more ostracised; the harassment by the original trouble-makers grew more and more intense, until I could no longer go into the building where we did most of our studies.', 'Having no idea how to handle the situation, I tried to explain the situation to people; but the more I tried to resolve the issue, the more weary people grew about my complaints.  I grew angry and resentful at the hostility of some and indifference of others.', 'My leaving the school did nothing to stop the harassment and character assassination... if anything, it grew worse. After all these years, the people who had started the trouble continue this character assassination among people outside that school.', 'So unpleasant and perpetual is this assassination among people practising my specialty, that I find myself so shunned that I can no longer practise the skills I achieved in school. I continue to struggle with the emotional affects of that time and have been unable to find/keep employment.', 'DL', 'Montréal
I feel the need to write this as I think that bullying as part of a 'spiritual journey' does not seem to be very often touched upon. That may be because many targets would view such suffering as anything but an aid to spiritual progression. I, therefore, risk the anger of a few victims of bullying by writing this, but I think it is important to touch upon.", "I have come to see my own mobbing experiences as all part of life's rich journey, a chance to grow into a better human being maybe, a chance to understand and empathise with others more and take that new-found knowledge with me into whatever lifetime may await beyond this one. And even if an individual doesn't believe in an afterlife, they can still apply their knowledge to the life they have now.", "Some of you may not agree with such sentiments. But I do feel that, if there is any purpose to my life, the mobbing experiences have been part of that rich tapestry, however painful they have been to me. I don't want to 'un-know' what I have learned. Suffering for me can bring wisdom and experience, even if it leaves one with painful memories. If we only had happy memories, what good would that do? We would all be no more than like spoilt children who never really grew up.", "I only say this because I read in the paper this week that scientists are in the process of developing a 'forgetfulness' pill; one which would help to block out painful and uncomfortable experiences in the individual's past. It is not clear at the moment how this 'forgetfulness' pill would work, and if it does, it may be very beneficial to some. For myself I would prefer to take with me what I have learned, and perhaps learn how to help others as much as I can. I'll end there for now.
I have done exceptional work all year for my new company.  I\'m the first one in every morning, I work hard, in a year I\'ve never taken a sick day, and I am passionate about my work. I thought everything was going great and I was impressing my new boss, but in November, just before bonus season, he wrote me up for ridiculous things.  The warning letter made me sound incompetent, which I am anything but.  He held a team meeting just for me so he could go over the ABCs of his process.  He talked AT me for an hour, everyone wanted to go home, and it was humiliating.  He is 5\' 3" and has a Napoleon complex.  I tower over him, especially in heels.  He forbids me from wearing suit jackets to make me look more like the secretaries so I wear only professional dresses. He is the classic bully.  He targeted me because I am the only woman on the team and he is intimidated by me.', "It has now progressed to his subordinates bullying me though I'm tape recording everything they say. Once I am gone, my boss will move on to bullying someone else.  I'm trying to hang onto my job until I can get my bonus at the end of January but I'm afraid my boss is going to find a way to can me before then.", "Wish me luck in collecting my well-deserved bonus, and hang in there to everyone on this site.  You're fantastic!  It's dog eat dog out there so keep your chin up and know that you are not alone.
My ex-husband works in the same facility that I do and so did the woman that he married. They have both gone out of their way to spread their warped, distorted image of me and my past far and wide, including at the facility where he and I work. She has told as many of the employees and people in the facility that she knows as well as many, many people in the church and neighboring communities where we live. This woman does not know me at all and knows only what my ex has told her. My image has been so tarnished and discredited, that many people will not even speak to me and no one will befriend me or include me in. I have been laughed at, talked about, ostresized, ignored, shunned, rejected, humiliated, made fun of, continually for 4 years.', "I have made mistakes in the past, but basically lived a good life, helped alot of people, and raised my children to be good, contributing, successful adults. I am a good person. So many people have been told their version of the story that it is impossible for me to move forward with my life, date, or even have a social life. I have had nightmares about it, get extremely depressed over having to go to work, have been told that my experience is the equivalent of PTSD, and have suffered so much pain and anguish over this that I feel that my life is hopeless and don't even try anymore to interact or succeed. I feel that I have lost all my dignity.", 'I live in a small town and with the economy the way it has been, options for changing jobs are zero. Everytime I think that things are getting better, a whole new round of gossip and humiliation starts. Funny thing is that this man chased and chased after me until I agreed to date and marry him. Also, he was the one that had real issues and refused to own them. I did everything I could to make the marriage work and the counselors would ask me how long I was going to continue being his counselor.', 'He was physically, emotionally, and verbally abusive and denies it all. Instead, he has everyone believing that I was the abusive one. I was never the aggressor, it was always him. I was more a victim in that marriage, and he has come out destroying my life and appearing the innocent party. Despite trying everything, I have not been able to overcome this situation and recover my dignity. Does anyone know what I can do to resolve this situation?
I am a 40 years man who had been bullied throughout school and university and now bullied at the workplace. I work secretarial and administrative work in a consulting office. Engineers in the 20\'s (boys and girls) used to make fun of me and laugh at me saying things like "you sweety secretary". Later I was subject to being hit by one of them. He hol my shirts, pushed me and kicked me. My Mother and Big sister came who use to pick me after work then came and talked to the manager who didn\'t believe much. I\'m now staying and working from home helping my sister which I found better.
My job or should I say my vocation, is in biomedical research and I have worked in university environments as well as in research institutions. Up until mid 2008 my career was progressing steadily in the right direction, that is performing experiments successfully, interpreting data and giving presentations, followed by writing manuscripts for publication in scientific journals. In fact, retrospectively I realised the work environment was not quite right since ~2000, but did not realise it at the time. The reason for writing this is due to my exasperation with the support and advice I have received not only with my past and present employers, but also with the union and I can easily anticipate my career being completely annihilated.', 'Towards the end of 2008, my employer approached me to provide information about rumours of impropriety taking place in the laboratory in which I worked. All of a sudden, I realised I was surrounded by members of staff involved in sexual harassment as well as bullying and intimidation including my professorial line-manager. In an instance, I thought at last I had support from the employer, but with hindsight I realised this was not the case. In fact, the employer knew of the serious issues since 2000, but failed to confront them sweeping them under the carpet. An internal investigation ensued that involved the employer encouraging me to provide evidence against my line-manager and fellow workers, as well as advising the victims (mostly female postgraduate students) to come forward. Chronologically, this unsavoury behaviour occurred with more than one group of students and female members of staff. The internal investigation went on in secrecy until the beginning of 2009, when the employer made the perpetrators aware of the investigation. ', "By the end of 2009, the individual responsible for the sexual harassment was dismissed, whereas my line-manager and a less senior member of staff were protected from dismissal. Furthermore, my professorial line-manager provided a glowing reference for his dismissed employee, allowing him to obtain a position as a safety officer at an institute under the umbrella of one of the UK's top universities. All this had an adverse effect on my health and resulted in the termination of my employment at the end of 2009 and as my professorial line-manager knew of my involvement, he refused to provide me with a reference, causing me great difficulty in securing my subsequent position at a different institution at a different university.", 'Once I started at my current position in February this year, I have been subjected to bullying by my line-manager. When I informed personnel about this treatment in April, the bullying became institutional and culminated in a probation review in May that was nothing more than a character assassination and an attempt to terminate my employment. If it wasn’t for the union, this would have been the case and I have been on sick leave ever since, where the sick leave certificates are there to protect me from the appalling work environment and feel that my career has been adversely affected and may be irretrievably damaged. The employer’s occupational health service has quoted the disability discrimination act in describing my relationship with my current employer. ', "There is the possibility of a link between my previous and subsequent treatment as my previous employer knows of my present employment. I do realise that being on sick leave prevents me from applying for jobs supported by medical advice, but more importantly a reference from my current and previous employer would not be forthcoming. Furthermore, in my current circumstances the employer's internal Occupation Health Service has advised me to ignore medical advice from my GP and other health professionals and return to my current position where they would oversea my progress without them confronting the bullying coming from my line-manager. This policy from a major university's health service is worrying and indicates an unwillingness to confront bullying in the workplace and therefore sweeping it under the carpet.", 'According to the submission guidelines I am unsure if specifics can be included in my submission. Although bullying is endemic in the work place, especially in academia, there are some institutions worse than others and I\'m afraid I have experienced those close to the top of the list and if allowed I would have no qualms in providing these details. As the "submission guidelines" state that the website will edit submissions if necessary, the following institutions are the ones implicated above: Previous Employer: {removed} Current Employer: {removed}. More specifics can be provided.
Kiki's Bullied Guide", '1. Never show fear to anyone. It just makes them take advantage of it.', "2. NEVER cry over it. It just makes them seem like they're in control. ", "3. If it is over your appearance, just let it go... let them tease you over it... they're just jealous over you.", '4. Some bullies act that way because some bullies are looking for attention. They might think bullying is a way to be popular or to get what they want.', "5. Pretend you don't hear them and walk away quickly to a place of safety. Bullies want a big reaction to their teasing and meanness.", ' ', '-KIKI!!!
I've worked for a company for four years. I got promoted to duty manager a year ago by my friend the manager who put my name forward for six months. The owner praised me all the time saying I was doing a fab job then things changed and I've realised my so-called friend is putting the knife in every chance she gets. I work hard all the time but now I can't seem to do anything right. This has lead to meetings over silly things that make no sense.", "I can't relax at home. I dread going to work. It makes me feel sick. I'm sure beyond doubt that she wants me out because she is threatened by me. I'm on edge all the time and feel totally drained. She twists conversations to make me look the bad guy. I'm one of the most easy going people and I get on with every one and I think she is jealous. She has ruined my good relationship with my boss. I can't leave till I find a new job as I need to work for my kids. Just can't wait to leave. Thought about taking it further. Don't know what to do any more. Help
Hi, I have been bullied on line by a person know to me through one of my previous work. He and his gf  and his other friends mock and ridicule me at every instance that they have defamed me on the net in every possible manner calling me derogatory names such as a slut, pros, a woman of low virtues and he continues to do so.', "They have even figured out where I live and yell, honk their car horns when they pass by my home. I am on verge of reporting this to the police though I am bit apprehensive of getting undue attention to me and my family ie my kids. Yes I am married. I did speak about this to one of  the common friends who wasn't of any help. Instead was hand in glove with him but he did mention to me that this guy is in a state of non denial.", "At one stage they even attached a porn video to my computer as it seems they have hacked my computer and seem to spy on my emails. I can't give you my personal email to respond back to me as it will be victory to them that it has upset me and has affected my health that I have developed high BP. My BP tends to rise to 200/120 at times and can be controlled only by medication. This is on for last 2 years that I have become quite popular on the net as a slut.
Changing the names to protect the not so innocent. I worked for a company for 6 years until the last year of that job nearly drove me over the edge of sanity. It started with a slap on the behind, complaint made, and hostility ran amuck. The smack came from one of the owners (Edward) of the company.  There was a witness (Peppermint Patty, the Receptionist) to this event who claimed that she would tell what she saw if I wanted to report it. Fact is she lied at first and then recanted when her conscious got to her. She went to the other owner and recanted her lie separate from Edward. I know this because the (CFO Franco) told me as much. Franco was the type of CFO that claimed he was a devoted Christian but told everything he was ever told in confidence to the owners and passive aggressively give you a small quip of what you said in private to him in front of others with a *wink, wink* so that you only you would know. ', 'Edward skulked around for a few days then he started inducting co-workers to do help him with his dirty work. I was talked about, laughed at, and the heart of the rumor mill. A very good friend of mine (Prissy P.) would be called into Edward’s office for a chat in the middle of the work day. You could hear them laughing all the way down the hall. As the inductees sat daily at a table with him with hopes of career boosts my work life was hell. ', 'Peppermint Patty was transferred from receptionist to another department, Courtney Joe was brought into the company by Edward who used to be stripper now impersonating a receptionist who was later put into Accounting on the order of Edward. Prissy was given a position with a department head that had a direct impact on the success of my job.', 'Edward screamed at me, demoted me, and tried to claim that I was a drug dealer. Edward would take the “girls” out every Wednesday for drinks. This became “Bash Night” and the next day was always worse because they had sat and planned what he could do. Prissy told me that she would kiss his behind if it secured her job. The sad thing about Prissy is just weeks before I was the target, she was. Edward would stomp down to my office and tell me “I don’t want to see Prissy’s fat @ss walking down the hall, tell her that she can go around (meaning outside to the other entrance) or just stay at her desk”.', 'I was moved next to that hypocrite Franco so that he could run interference if Edward was stomping down the hall to my office. The long and short of this is my only saving grace was that the other owner forced him to retire before the sale of the company. By then my character with my co-workers was just shot. My health was declining; I was having major anxiety attacks and suffering from major depression. My mother was dying, I was literally falling apart. My mother did die; I took a week off from work only to walk out 2 months later. The company was relocated out of state a few months later so those people who thought that Edward could get them up the small corporate ladder were out of jobs.', 'My mental and physical health was my driving factor – get out so that you can save yourself! I’ve not been the same since that. I’m not a trusting person anymore; I will not make any friends so that I cannot be betrayed.
I have worked for the # 1 health care leader in San Diego. My Team Lead is very moody, she is going through a divorce. When we have one on one meetings she treats me like I am a two year old. If I did something wrong she would make hand gestures to me to focus, and look at me like was an idiot. She makes comments that she is going to inform my manager I have not improved, and that I made another mistake and I should be written up. I have excellent attendance and should not be treated this way. I want to go to another dept away from this monster. ', 'Any suggestions I need them fast as they are trying to flush me out of my job.
Reading all the articles here I can recognise I had a really bad bullying experience with people I used to work with.', 'I work in music business, basically I take care of rock bands for organising shows, promotion and management, and I used to run also a record label.', '5 years ago I started a work relationship with a band from the same town I live in Italy.', 'The first two years these people were really cool with me, they used to invite me to go out together sometimes, used to speak a lot and reasonably about everything, we had common friends, wanted me to be with them in important promotional occasions and used to appreciate in public the work I was doing for them.', 'The relationship was so good and pleasant I decided to invest more money and time on their second release.', 'Then things suddenly changed (almost 3 years ago), with them saying "it\'s best to keep work relationships completely apart from any kind of friendship/personal relationship". At first I thought it was just a bad period due to tensions about the expectations they had about their career. Then with time things got worse and worse.', 'It became usual for them to criticise my work and point any small mistake in public even in front of persons I barely knew. They started to not inviting me to do things we were used to do together before, and when common friends invited me for a drink or a dinner they (expecially one of them) acted so badly to force people to not call me anymore to avoid embarassing situations.', 'In the chance when (even at work contexts like a photoshooting) they decided to do something after (just having a pizza together) they told me "you\'re not welcome to come" openly. Any effort I\'ve done to work out things to re establish a positive setting have been retorted against me. They say I was "too intrusive in their personal life", even if I just asked "how are you?" or "have you had a nice week end?"', 'Then, communications become more and more difficult. If before they used to be ready in replying to mails and txt messages about work stuff, they started to be unbelievably slow, forcing me to ask for replies several times, do things twice because they changed their minds, telling me I was "boring or hassling" when I asked them to be ready and quick (example: they offered to burn cd promo copies but I had to wait one week and ask three times to get them).', 'It also became impossible - as it was before - to speak to the people in the band separately. They wanted to be all the time all together when speaking with me, to control nobody said something in my favour maybe.', 'It was also impossible to go to their home if we had to exchange stuff (money, cds, etc..) because I was openly told (and it was openly told to all the common "friends") I was unwelcome.', 'When I tried to move up from this really stressful situation ending my work relationship with them they told me "it was not professionally serious", so I had to go on.', 'Then at one point (one year ago) they decided to change the name of the band and to move to another city, also deciding one-side the deals we had signed were not valid anymore. And this after telling me in front of other people "go away, we don\'t need you, nobody can\'t stand you anymore, you are not fit to be invited in any kind of social meeting". Strangely, in front of people I deal smoothly with when they are not around.', 'Being impossible to speak with them anymore (after that they used to not even say hello when we met embarassing everyone) I rented a lawyer to try to recoup at least a part of the money (not a few) I just spent on their project.', 'Their reaction to what I did to make them aware of the duties they had in front of me from our deals were to write bad personal stuff on line about me, and to trash some personal objects of mine I borrowed to them.', 'In late March they decided that, instead then solving the contracts paying, it was best to go on working with me. But they never changed attitudes, their behaviour got worse instead. They never quoted me anywhere for the job I was doing, refused to "unblock" me on social networks, reacted harshly to any attempt to establish a more relaxed atmosphere (it was not possible to be invited together in common friends houses, they attacked me with vulgar expressions in front of everyone if I just talked to people/friends who were with them).', 'At the end I decided to cancel the contract, then we worked together for a few months still (I\'ve been so stupid to think that to erease our deals could mean to erease their hostility as well). In this months I\'ve been really helpful with them, introducing them to new people / contacts able to work at their project for promotions, tours, etc, on their "promise" I was going to keep part of the job.', 'Then, just when they got the proper team (thanks to me for 80%) to work a new release, they found out any possible excuse to make me feel really really bad, arriving to say "you cannot talk or say hello to people you know if they are with us".', 'At that point one month ago on an emotional burst I\'ve done something (writing bad things about them to the contacts I found out for them) I knew would lead them to the decision to "not work together anymore because I was damaging them".', "I think I've been stupid enough to fall perfectly into their scheme, and I've got also physical damage from all this, like insomnia, depression, difficulties in concentrating on other projects, problems in social contacts with family/boyfriend/friends, being obsessed in trying to understand and solving this really unpleasant situation.", "Thank god it's over now, but I feel like it would be hard for me in the future to trust people anymore, I became suspicious and I can see I  refuse to open myself or to establish closer relationships with other musicians I work with now.", 'Hope I will find back my self-esteem and energy again soon, but I need some help for sure, and to better understand why I accepted to be treated so mean for such a longtime.
The first real job I had was at a McDonald's. It was ok at first until this new girl was hired. She would stand back with the other co-workers and talk about me. Saying I acted princessy and all I would ever do is sweep. One day she followed me into the bathroom talking about me, and when we got to the front we were arguing. She then shoved me and hit me. I was suspended.", 'Then I worked at Burger King after that again the same thing the guys were nice to me, and the girls would make fun of me behind my back and even the manager would always be on their side. She was also completely rude to me and would make fun of me all the time.', "Then I worked at one Domino's which I was only bullied by one guy and transferred to another one. Once there, the manager was ok until a coworker's roommate came back to be the manager. He constantly bullied me and purposefully gave me the slowest shift so that I couldn't make money. He would always say that there isn't anyone else even though his friend, my coworker, could work the same shifts. He would tell me to stop complaining. So I quit there I didn't show up. Skip a job.", "Then I went to work at a clothing store and for some reason the other girl just didn't like me. Always made fun of me for how I did things when she was the one supposed to train me, but never did. She would lie about things so I would do my job wrong and then try to get me fired. Then her friend came back to work there and again I was made fun of. So I quit there and began working at another pizza place where I am at currently.", "The guys are nice to me, but I can tell a lot of the girls just really don't like me. They laugh and talk about me behind my back. Sometimes when I speak they just act like I'm not even there even though I am nice to them. I've just really suffered a lot and I'm so tired of it. But I guess if I wasn't bullied so much in school I wouldn't have quit and got my GED. I would have went to college like I planned... It just really hurts my feelings and I have cried at work in the bathroom numerous times, just because when you are bullied your whole life it really makes you depressed.
I was bullied once. I was twenty six years old and came to Melbourne from Queensland. I was going through a divorce and also left my job. A friend of mine found me a position in Melbourne. He got me a job in the same company he worked and different shift. I was assigned to the mail room. He let me rent his unit until I got some money together for a place of my own. I was in the company nine months when someone decided to give me a hard time.', "Her name was Julie and she was my supervisor. At first she liked me and often asked me out for drinks after work. I was going through a very rough time with a divorce and I didn't want to get involved with anyone else for a while. I knocked back two, three and even four invitations to go out and have drinks and then maybe hit the town. She turned on me and it all started with a list going on the wall.", 'The list was about, who could open the most mail and get it upstairs for processing the quickest! I was always last on the list but it didn\'t bother me I was doing the best I could until one day my name wasn\'t there at all. I asked my supervisor where\'s my name? She replied, "Everyone knew I was last so it didn\'t matter if I was on there or not." I took it personal and decided to not try so hard.', "About a month later I was called into a meeting. I was told packages were being handed out but there wasn't any point giving me one as I wouldn't get anything so it was up to me if I wanted to stay or get help looking for another job somewhere else. I was interested in knowing why they wanted to move me when I wasn't even there a year. Julie my supervisor sat up and said, we think you might have some problems working with the other staff. I was then asked if anyone in my family had a mental illness.", "The company wasn't corporate or some fancy important out in your face type of place but still it was a job and my job at that. I was curious to know why it was being asked. To my surprise I was given a heading and told to go home and read up on it because my behaviour described what had been written. The word was SCHIZOID. I was told I could be suffering from a mental illness but am not aware of it. The following day, with my head held high I went back into the office and handed my resignation! I thanked them for telling me what they thought about me and making it known before I had been there a year as that way I could avoid putting it on my resume. I said that if this is how you see me then I chose the wrong career and wish to say good bye.", 'Two months later I found a job in insurance. Four months after that I had enough money to rent my own place. Today, four years later, and I am proud to say at almost thirty one years old I not only work for the same company but am considered for a position as team leader in their house and contents cover, department.
Hi, I am a teacher at an English language school. A teacher has made a formal complaint of bullying against another teacher. This teacher, let's call her Mary, is most definitely abrasive, aggressive, confrontational and rude, but is she really a bully? Here are three interactions I had with her on a single day last week:", '1) I was working on lessons and spread out a little bit too much on the limited amount of table top work space available, which happened to be next to one of the computers. Mary (who has her own desk) sat down at the computer, (decided I was infringing on her space), turned to me and said, "Do you need more room? Let me make you more room." She then got up, moved  to the other side of where I was working, and started pushing papers and trays of other people away, saying, "Here, let me make some more room for you."', '2) Classes were over for the day, staff room copier was broken, I was using the supply room copier, Mary walked in with three or four open books in her', 'hand, stood there and said "Are you almost finished?" I said "yes" and continued my copying. Less than 30 seconds later she said, "Is this for', 'today?" I said "no". She said "because my students are waiting for the things I need to copy." (Homework or something but stuff that she obviously should have prepared before class). I said "I\'m done" (which I wasn\'t) and walked out.', '3) A bit later, in the staff room, I asked my boss about class discussion topics for the coming week. (They are listed on a chart which is on the wall behind her desk and very hard to see). Mary, standing there, interrupts and said to my boss "Why are you mollycoddling people? They can find this stuff by themselves. Why do you need to hold people\'s hands? You have other things to do." I replied to my boss, "I\'m sorry, do you mind stopping what you\'re doing, standing up, and moving away from your desk, so I can get closer to the wall and see the chart?" My boss laughed and told me what the topics were. Mary said something about "It\'s just because I need to ask you (my boss) something."', 'She pretty much behaves this way to everyone (I have studiously avoided her in the past but am now working more hours so am around her more). But is this bullying or more what Wikipedia defines as "workplace incivility"?
Suffice to say, bullies continue to bully -- even when you move on.', 'As someone who has fought (and resolved) workplace issues, I have some very good resources: http://www.badreferences.com; workrights.org; and whistleblower.org.', 'Otherwise, you will hop from one interview to another – not realizing your ex-boss is trashing you to potential employers.
I worked about a year and a half on and off for a very creative person who as time went on became more and more abusive, aggressive, and manipulative. There were times they could be amazing and kind and generous.', 'There were a few things that happened were I should have walked out a long time ago - were I was treated like a piece of trash. But I so badly wanted to belong somewhere and make a success of things. I have had a few jobs and not really found my niche.', 'I tried so hard with "X". I really gave a lot of myself to her and almost begged her to teach me - have her be my mentor. I even said I wanted her to teach me so I could work and run the business one day.', 'In return, she was very emotionally abusive and even one time shoved me. I was not a perfect person but I gave from my heart and feel I was a good person to her.', 'She told me that I was stupid, to shut the f up, belittled me in front of other people including a couple of clients, told me "I don\'t care what you do, did not pay me for a few hours work I did for her - including on my own time because I so wanted to please, would give me the silent treatment, told me to butt out, "forgot" to tell me she had left the office and went home early, and even accused me of stealing from her.', "When things would go wrong I was the scratching post. Things all ended two weeks ago to where I told her to f off, you don't treat me like a person and when I went back to talk to her - she said I am going to call the police - after a year of knowing each other!! Then, I received an e-mail two days later basically her ending everything between us.", 'The thing that really made me so angry was that she twisted everything around to were it was all my fault. How can someone be so cruel and abusive - to have no empathy for another person? I do know about bullying and have read about it in the last week or so but it still really hurts. It hurts that she can just go on and discard me like trash. I have had such a tough time for months on end with just trying to make ends meet and find my place... What these people don\'t realize is that they do real damage. At this point I am just trying to pick up the pieces and move on and realize that with people like "x" you reap what you sow in life.
Banks have sure changed in the last twenty five years. I was bullied by a bank. I did the most stupid thing I took out a loan which was way over my head. I thought I could pay it off and the banker even tried to get me to take out more. Instead of telling me interest rates could go up quite a lot and I may have trouble paying them back, they told me how lucky I was that I purchased a house in a profitable location.', 'Three years later and the interest rates had sky rocketed. I had to skip payments but the banker kept hassling me and telling me that if I didn\'t pay up they could take my home. What a difference to how I was treated three years ago when I took out my loan. Maybe what they should have said was, "we are now going to take what we wanted in the first place!" They weren\'t looking out for my best interest, they were looking out for theirs and it didn\'t matter what happened to me or where I ended up.', 'I gained the impression by their behaviours that the education bankers had twenty years ago to now is so different. Today it seems ok to not feel any sympathy for anyone and its alright if you need to be a bit cunning, manipulative and ruthless to get what you want. They call it having a strong and determined personality. A goal achiever and money making machine. I see it differently.', "If a bank makes it known they support a good cause, you can bet your bottom dollar they are the cause of what they are now trying to support! I give the banks credit for mincing words and taking the public for granted. The public that they may have forgotten gave them a job in the first place. For me I am now on a new payment plan and guess what, the bank didn't take my house and never will!!!
I have told my story several times. Right now I would like to honor the survivors and encourage them to keep going. Everyday is an opportunity to make a difference in someone elses life. When I read about the poor children that encounter bullies in school my heart goes out to them, sometimes I am so full I feel my heart will burst.', "If we tackle this problem in the schools maybe the child bully wont grow up to wreak havoc in the workplace. Bullies don't breed overnight. The problem starts in childhood. I am thankful for the publicity this problem is finally getting but, I think they do us a disservice when they feature people that really don't know the issues surrounding bullying.", 'Everyone needs to hear from the victims as well as the bullies themselves, then and only then will we be able to solve the problem.
I am bullied at work. I'm a female highschool senior and am not the most verbal (guess that is the right word) person but am really compassionate and I care about others. I'm upset about what happens at work because my co-workers usually end up making fun of me, my work, and how I react to things. It upsets me a lot because I really want to get along with them and I feel they use that by making fun of me or ignoring me until they need me to do something extra or a favor and then they act really friendly and say they were just kidding. ", ' I need some advice on how to deal with this. ', '
I work with all men and up until the last 6 months was the only woman - now there is just us two.', "My foreman is treating me differently to the others.  It all started when I fell pregnant for the second time.  He went overboard with risk assessments on my job. He told personnel he didn't think I should be working shifts whilst being pregnant... he would allow work colleagues to smoke in our tea room so I was passive smoking... even now he never says anything to the smokers... and there is a law in place to prevent this, and does nothing... he lets everyone do what they like... but when I needed to request 5 late starts per month to take my daughter to school... he went overboard wiv manager and personnel and trade union meetings... my daughter was sick this morning so I called in to ask for the day off but he spoke to me in a very nasty way and had me in floods of tears.", "Where I work all the foreman are usually understanding and I know of others that have ask to pick up children from school during work time... drop off lunch to their parents who are o.a.ps and go home early if requested and he always says ok, but everytime I ask he makes me feel bad and now feel like I can't approach him about anything.", 'Im back at work in two days from now and fear that he will make my working life difficult and give me horrible jobs to do.', 'How can I stop this from happening and resulting having to leave my job after 15 years?
I haven't worked for 3 years. Why? I was so tired of being terrorized at work. The false rumors and constant physical altercations proved to be enough. I feel I made the right decision, because I would have done something violent to retaliate against my co workers.", 'I am a former victim of child trafficking and domestic violence. Work was supposed to be an escape and a way to provide for my children. It became a haven of hell.', 'My former child sex attackers were also friends with my boss. My boss started telling my coworkers that I was a liar and his friends do not attack girls. Soon, I was accused of being a criminal with taunts of "whore" and "slut" constantly.  This place was also featured in the motion picture "Runaway Bride."', 'I have worked at other places, but in a small area the sick treatment is carried on. I got tired of changing from job to job. After my last employer treated me the same way, I say no to working. As a minority there is nowhere to get help.
This story has been removed.
I'm embarrassed to say that I still think about my workplace bullying experience even now, five years later. I dreaded going to work because this person, who was between my boss and me, wanted to make me miserable. ", "When I was first hired, the bully, B, told me that this office wasn't a place where a lot of finger-pointing went on. I should have realized that that was a warning: Finger-pointing, it turned out, occurred daily -- with me as the target, mind you. Often, mistakes were invented; if I did make mistakes, they were magnified. B defied logic. She also demonstrated a sort of Jekyll-and-Hyde type behavior.", 'When I took initiative and did something unquestionably worthwhile, she attacked me. She screamed at me, red-faced, in front of my coworkers and changed the way things worked at whim so I often felt disconcerted. In the end, I quit. The HR person was a joke, not to mention a friend of the abusive B.  ', "I still feel a certain degree of shame after all this time. I'm angry with myself for not telling her, tactfully, forcefully and eloquently, that I would not tolerate such behavior. In my mind then, doing so just would have caused further awkwardness and anxiety and, most likely, retaliation. But I feel that I never got any resolution by simply leaving the job. And I also feel a degree of resentment for all that I endured. I know that this person was a sad, threatened soul who should mean nothing to me and who shouldn't be permitted to enter my thoughts. But I still find myself thinking about it and feeling, for a moment, the same stomach-tightening uneasiness.
After almost 6 years of abuse I spoke up!  It was like I couldn't stop once I started.  I actually don't care if they fire me - I wanted it - enough is enough - a human being cannot take being beaten for years and years and not have it affect them in every way.  I work for a totally dysfunctional company - everything they do is wrong, unethical and just plain stupid.  I have tried everything to solve the situation and make the company grow and make profit.  But those who do nothing are rewarded while those who work are punished.  The bully is a liar, cheat and thief and has pet employees that kiss the bosses behind but do no work - yet the boss loves them.  It is an insane situation.  Bullies are sociopathes - they have no conscience and do not think like normal people do - but are smart enough to get away with bullying.", "In many workplaces fighting back directly against the bullies and going to management could, as you mentioned, get you fired. Before you go too far down that road, and for others who find themselves in a similar situation, there are other approaches and things you should know. Why walk into an ambush if you don't have to? It's exactly what the bullies would want you to do. ", '
"Workplace violence is any act against an employee that creates a hostile work environment and negatively affects the employee either physically or psychologically. Bullying is a non-homicidal form of violence and a systematic campaign that jeopardizes your health, your career, your family and the job you once loved. And because it is violent , emotional and physical harm results. Bullies are not psychopaths. They are normal people who get very aggressive at work. And it is not about you".(', ')', 'To date there are ten employees including myself who have been subjected to various forms of repeated harassing, malicious, cruel and humiliating attempts to undermine us by the same manager, in the same department, in the same facility in southern New Hampshire. Four  employees have been terminated while the others have left  because of the emotional toll it was taking on their health. Having worked with eight of these wonderful people I can attest to their character, professionalism, skill, loyalty and genuine care for the people in the community. One employee was tormented and terminated after 38 years of service excellence. She was constantly ordered into meetings without any warning or support and subjected to being yell at, intimidated, belittled and routinely threatened with termination. She was humiliated and tormented by words, intonations and attacks on her character even though her work performance and yearly reviews were very good.  Another employee from the same department was terminated last week. I was terminated from this department after 28  years of continuous, loyal service to this facility. Like the other employees my evaluations were great, coworkers enjoyed working with me and my patients appreciated all that I did for them. I had received a substantial pay raise 5 months before the torment and bullying began because the management said they " appreciated the years of dedication, professionalism and ability to be a team player.', 'What we all have in common is the fact we were subjected to emotional distress and psychological harassment over a period of time resulting in mental and physical distress. By this managers words, intonations and actions he created an environment that was hostile and offensive. And  the documentation about each encounter we had with this bully was twisted, inaccurate and crafted  to be so hurtful we were  doubting our sanity. .', 'Sadly the administration including Human Resources were aware of the hostile work environment within this department and did nothing to prevent or abate the problem. We begged them for help but were just sent back to the bully for \'conflict resolution" . Stopping workplace violence requires more than mere "conflict resolution". We were offered counseling but only at the hands of this abuser.', 'Workplace violence is an occupational and safety health hazard and addressed by OSHA in their guidelines for preventing workplace violence for healthcare and social service workers. (OSHA 3148-01R2004). I would be interested in knowing the cost of mental and physical ill health that this stress has caused on not only the abused employee but to all the others that witnessed the abuse and were too afraid for their jobs to say anything. I know I ended up in the emergency room with chest pains after a particularly cruel meeting, sought out psychological counseling and took two weeks of short term disability to try and process what was happening to me.', 'Eleven years ago I battled breast cancer with a poor prognosis. I would rather fight that battle again then endure what I did at the hands of this evil man and an administration that turned a deaf ear to our pleas for help. ', "On January 7, 2010 a legislature from Hinsdale, New Hampshire proposed legislation (House Bill 1403) designed to provide legal protection for workers subjected to an abusive  and hostile work environment. Several of us who were negatively impacted by this cruel and evil manager shared our experiences before the House Labor, Industrial and Rehabilitative Services Committee in Concord, NH.  Sadly the proposed bill went no farther. Hopefully with public awareness, a new administration and claims of abuse causing medical malpractice to soar due to bullying employees and patient injury we can say that bullying in the workplace is wrong financially and morally. It shouldn't hurt to go to work.     ", 'I found a wonderful website that is designed for employees that have been bullied. ', '. This site is designed for bullied individuals to help educate in hopes of making a difference in your health ,and, in return, your life.', 'Thank you for listening.', 'Workplace bullying laws may be of some help, but they can also be a two-edged-sword. They can be turned around and used as another weapon against targets as well. While they may offer some relief for targets and at least cause some employers to sit up and take notice of workplace bullying there are things you need to be aware of right now. ', '
It was well when I joined the company 7 months ago, there were challenges and conflicts between employees but it was not at serious and personal, until I have realized that recently the environment has been so stressful because things that happened in the past were revived by this one group.', "I work as a director in the creative department, I am very dedicated in doing my job. I don't talk a lot but rather do the work to meet my deadlines.", "A group of younger generation in the company seem to always talk to me with sarcasm, I don't recall having encountered with them but they always try to put me in trouble. They make small issues become bigger.", "My bosses doesn't seem to realize that there is a sort of alliance built inside the company. The alliance of the this generation would always put me in a situation where the bosses would get angry at me.", 'But because I love my job, I just keep myself composed and patient.
It happened years ago. I was a clerk in the property tax office, and I took college courses to become a real estate appraiser -- 2 yrs after the civil service exam and I was #3 on the hiring list. My then male supervisor X said to me before I knew I\'d be promoted "Why do you want to be an appraiser, you\'ve got it made". X often gossiped about another younger married female clerk called here a "rugbuyer" behind her back, a reference to "women\'s place is in the home" and openly talked with other male coworkers about her physical attributes.', 'Gossips (men and women) called me a "bimbo". Some said I got the job because I had big boobs. X and my supervisor took me and another female appraiser M to a stripper bar for lunch to celebrate our passing probation. I didnt want to go. I told only M that it was inappropriate to take us g to a strip club. I suspect she ratted me out to X.', 'A few mos later she was transferred with several other appraisers to the work section we all wanted to go to. Altho I had the most seniority I was never offered the transfer. Two male appraisers won a arbitration the year before to go to this desirable dept based on seniority. (Where X was the senior supervisor). 8 years later I finally wrangled a transfer there. ', '6 mos later, X pointed a handgun at me and said, why dont you take off running and we\'ll target practice? He and another male supervisor and appraiser laughed out loud. Everyone in the room saw it. M was sitting right next to me, and I asked her "M, did you see that?" M said no. No one ever admitted to witnessing the gunpointing. I told my husband when I got home from work. He said wait a few days before you tell your manager; someone will tell the manager or X himself will brag about it. I didnt have to tell coworkers about it, since everyone in the room saw it. So, 3 days later I told my manager; he said he already heard about it; he talked me out of filing a grievance and promised he\'d fix it but never did.', 'The bullies made me a constant target. Over a year later, I filed a union grievance citing a pattern of harassment including the gunpointing. X said the gunpointing never happened. X called the union and threaten to sue if they did not withdraw the grievance. (They withdrew) Then, X sued me for slander. After mos. of struggling to stay focused on work, I took medical leave for job stress and workers comp denied my claim.', 'After about 2 years of litigation (the case never got to trial) , X gave up the lawsuit and retired. Me? 10 years after the gunpointing and a 2nd medical leave and workers comp claim (denied) -- I finally lost my battle to continue working and applied for disability retirement.', 'My employer tried to sabotage it. For once, they did not succeed. I won. I escaped from hell.
I have spent the last year recovering from the worst employment experience of my life. The first issue was that I could not put a client through to any manager as per his request because no management was there. The client shouted and swore at me then logged a complaint that accused me of belligerence. When my Manager and Director turned up they berated me for the situation and told everyone that I had lost a major client. They are now alleging that the client was never lost at all.', 'Then I was sexually harassed by my female supervisor who I had to sit next to every day. She directed her harassment through third parties, including and in front of senior management. Whenever I raised a complaint, I was told that nothing would be done and my Manager put notes in my HR file without my knowledge stating that I wanted no complaints investigated or dealt with.', 'When I told the female supervisor I was not interested, she inverted the whole culture and turned everybody against me - it was a lynch mob whereby I was subjected to psychological terror.', 'I was told I was on the bonus scheme but the documentation made clear I would receive no bonus. I was told by my Manager that I would receive a university reference but was not given one. I was repeatedly set up to fail. The HR woman tore up part of my contract in my face and threw it in the bin and unilaterally changed the first page of the contract to my objection.', 'My employer rebuilt the whole office to execute a series of desk moves centred around me. I said I did not want a girlfriend only for a woman in the other office to have been caused to make an advance by those in my office who thought it funny that we both got upset. I was isolated by a sequence of phone calls by somebody in the other office. I was called a slut, falsely accused of having received a police warning and other distasteful matters, all of it done behind my back.', 'They eventually took my dignity and destroyed my professional reputation by suspending me for raising complaints. I am suing them now but their lawyer is mean and nasty and very expensive and is being instructed by my former employer to repeatedly invert any allegation I make to create dispute.', 'I know who the main bully is now - it is the Director who was responsible for there being nobody present when the client called right at the start - I think he may have got the client back now that he has gotten rid of me. I was an el magico before I joined that company and now I am treading water, which is an improvement on before, when I was all but dead.', 'Inverting and projecting the blame onto others is what bullies do and what was done to me, mostly by women - if that is what makes them happy, I am glad I no longer work there. They are just mean, nasty, spiteful and inadequate people who are big and brave in their packs and when they have all the power, money and lawyers but what would they be without all that - nothing - their existence is a sham.
I have been bullied at work for years by my boss and several sychophants whom that person poisoned against me right from the start.', 'The boss is a long serving employee (30+ years!) who has hit a glass ceiling and will not go any further.', 'That person sees others, who are friends of the Directors all move further up the ladder and that person has become extremely bitter about it.', "I think this has turned this person into a really nasty piece of work. Some examples of this person's behaviour include:", '• poisoning of others', '• gossiping', '• disappearing for hours at a time', '• playing favourites', '• encouraging others to join in the nasty behaviour (mobbing)', '• withholding work information', '• not following company procedure on appraisals - not doing any, or improperly', '• different standards for staff - some get away with murder whilst others (me) have comments made at the slightest thing', 'Despite having endured this behaviour I took on basically half of another colleagues tasks (who got paid a third more than me) after that person left. I was given a very small pay adjustment which seemed insulting compared to the wages the other person was on.', 'One of the sychophants is allowed to arrive an hour late every day and has never ever worked a full week at the company in all the time I have been there. Despite all my hard work and effort I have been called, amongst other things, lazy, stupid, fat, brainless, a psycho, paranoid, whistleblower etc.', 'I tried to appeal to the main bully boss but this was met with denial and contradicitons. eg', '• "I never said anything"', '• "on 31st March 2007 in front of Mrs X you said Y"', '• "oh, well it was just a joke"', "The first time I mention dates the main bully couldn't even look at me and looked scared and that person's eyes seemed to be welling up. At this point I knew everything I had been feeling was 100% right.", 'Despite this the bullying pattern followed the usual. Stops - small occasional remarks - others join in - full blown mobbing - chat - stops...', "Behind my back my Boss had gone to the HR director and started a dialogue about 'my behaviour' and I wasn't made aware of this.", 'After a few more poorly constructed appraisals where my behaviour was marked down as "no problems", "asset to the sales team", "fitting in well" and another actual meeting whereby I specifically asked if any of my work or behaviour was unacceptable and told that there wasn\'t any problems.', "After confronting one of the sychophants I was then, after returning from holiday - they had grouped together, asked to speak to the HR Director in the form on an 'investagatory meeting' about 'concerns about my behaviour'.", "I was attacked by the HR Director right from the start of the meeting and was firstly refused to be able to see what I was being accused of. The Director handed me a sheet of paper that was dated from the previous week and it seemed to be minutes from a meeting with the other mob bullies. It said that the HR Director agreed that my behaviour 'had to stop'. After finally being allowed to read this the 'meeting' or attack continued.", 'I was told...', '• "you\'re very quiet"', '• "this company has done everything to help you"', '• "if we wanted to get rid of you we would have done so"', '• "you don\'t look at people when they talk to you"', '• "my staff wouldn\'t act like this"', '• "you are paranoid"', '• "I\'m worried about you"', '• "I hear that you keep a log of the events - I find this scary"', '• "where is the log - is it on your computer?"', '• "this stuff would get laughed out of court - I mentioned on an email to the bully that I had taken advice"', '• "this is nonsense"', '• "you can state your case and we can look at every incident but frankly there is no point"', '• "you must agree to stop taking notes in your spare time!!!!!!!"', "The minute taker who was one of the sychophant's friends then joined in also defending their colleagues. To my surprise 75% of the stuff above was actually minuted and sent to me and the other bullies!!!!", 'Since then things have gotten a bit better as one of the group sadly nearly died but recovered - perhaps this focused the minds of the others?', "I'm still dumbstruck and numbed by the whole episode and I've been gagged into keeping quiet.", "I just thought I would share my story as a warning to others who think that they can beat a bully by reasonable actions. You are dealing with a very manipulative individual who cheats to get ahead, it isn't personal - try to ignore it or it will escalate into what I went through.", 'One day karma may solve the issue.
I worked at a meat works called ', ' for a long time all of the bosses there pick on one person or another, but the two big bosses, father and son are the worst there. The son abuses people on the floors in front of everyone screaming, calling them names and swearing at people. The father takes bonuses every chance he gets. I lost my bonus till further notice for a tap being on that I needed on to wash my hands to do my job properly.', "If you're sick, even with a doctor certificate, they take your bonuses and if the father does not like you he will make you line up like a casual again when you're full time. I can't find anyway to report with them finding out who I am. I'm not the only one who they do it too. I want to help my friends that are still there because they are treated like robots and its their way or the highway.", 'A friend of mine was fired because he hit someone that threatened him with a knife. The man with the knife still has his job because his chines 2 people got the sack for fighting one time 2 chines boys got in a fight in the lunch room one got smashed in the face with a coffee cup and needed stitches and they both still have their jobs.', 'We were always told racism would not be tolerated but the discriminate against people that can speak English how is that fair and one time when the father was yelling at a dark colored man that had not long started he called him a black fuck and I have had that many run-ins with him I cant recount them all. But every time it was over something silly like when I first came back and lined up after have my baby they had been advertising for skilled knife hands on the local radio and he told me he does not want the likes of me there.', "I don't know if this is classed as bulling or not. Maybe you can tell me and tell me how to help my friends still stuck working for people with the power to treat people how the like...
I like to give you my story, regarding workplace bullying. I was a victim of it myself. I am old now, and being offered a new job will be hard for many reasons. My only regret is that I was not aware as to why I was constantly picked on. Why I was often labelled and why people were amused when I struggled with meeting deadlines. I had a problem, yet a bit of support would have fixed it all. Instead people made fun of me.', 'If only it was understood that being made fun of can seriously injure a decent human being. Bullying did more damage to me, than any one would ever know. I changed when I experienced something in an office that instilled so much fear and changed me forever.  I had nowhere to turn. No family of my own or husband and no support behind me. If someone told me that I would be out of work for years after my experience, I would have found a loaded gun and shot myself. Looking back today, there is no way that I would have accepted the path which lay before me. But, here I am, telling my story.', 'To all decent people joining a company I say to you, be sure of where you want to carve out a career. Get information before accepting a job. Companies are selective when it comes to helping individuals move ahead in an industry too. They know very early which ones they want to support. If you are not one of them, then find another job, very quickly or your self esteem and confidence to say the least will suffer.', 'In my job, I wanted so much to believe I had found the career of my dreams, but something was wrong. In all my years of working there, I never moved up one notch. I then made a mistake and experienced an act that was so severe, most of me died there and then. An act that like so many others, was never brought to justice. It happened because I was a target of bullying. The act was hidden and I was labelled the problem so to save the company from admitting fault.', 'For once I learned what being frightened to death felt like. I was stopped from working, to say the least. As days became months and then years, I was slowly losing energy and appreciation for life. All my skills, finances, dreams, goals, and assets disappearing before me. If only someone had taught me about bullying and the law.', 'I then became sick and in time I decided to have a blood test. It was years after my injury that I finally showed a doctor a health condition I had been hiding. A health condition that could have been prevented if the company responsible took some interest in me. It was explained to me, of what I was suffering from.  I walked out of the surgery relieved. The fear, pain, and worry for some reason disappeared.', 'My time now is limited, but I am happy because I will finally be with loved ones and no one can ever hurt me again. I no longer need to try to fit in, or explain myself to people or feel ashamed or embarrassed when I ask for work or look for a job. Soon, I will be resting, and with the people I once loved. I am glad, because this company can never hurt me again.', 'Bullying is a crime and any company that supports it, needs to be shut down.
Hello everyone, bullying throughout my life has always been a (severe problem). From my early school days, 12-16 years and continued into the workplace, eventually forcing me to leave, due to severe mental health conditions. The problem has always been the same pattern of behavior, which people in general use.', "Basically, I tend to be judged (incorrectly) from people's perception of myself. I tend to be (extremely) quiet man, low-self esteem, difficulty being myself in large social groups, due to having a condition called (Social Phobia) brought on by severe bullying. If none of you know what this is, please could you Google this. Also I'm always singled out by bullies and their followers, put-downs, harassment, name-calling you name it. The biggest insults are usually Homo-Phobic and Pedophilia remarks, which I find offensive. I'm neither of these and I'm fed up with taking crap! I consider myself to be average appearance, others consider me good looking and (weird looking). Depends again on the individual and where they see God! I don't tend to make friends very easy either and when I do manage to try to meet someone polite and well mannered, they then tend to put me down (all the time) or mask as a friend!", 'I think the problem with my own self-hatred stems from the way my mother has always treated me. She was always cold and spiteful towards me. But she was clever, she never did this emotional bad behavior in front of anyone else. To other members of the family the mother and son relationship was perfect. ', "I would be grateful for some feedback on this topic, I know it's rather short this summary and I could go on for ever! Telling even worse things that have happened to me. Below is what I think is bullying and main fits into quite a few of these areas:", 'People who are bullied find that they are:', '• Constantly criticized and subjected to destructive criticism (often euphemistically called constructive criticism, which is an oxymoron) - explanations and proof of achievement are ridiculed, overruled, dismissed or ignored', '• Forever subject to nit-picking and trivial fault-finding (the triviality is the giveaway)', "• Undermined, especially in front of others; false concerns are raised, or doubts are expressed over a person's performance or standard of work - however, the doubts lack substantive and quantifiable evidence, for they are only the bully's unreliable opinion and are for control, not performance enhancement", '• Overruled, ignored, sidelined, marginalized, ostracised', "• Isolated and excluded from what's happening (this makes people more vulnerable and easier to control and subjugate)", "• Singled out and treated differently (for example everyone else can have long lunch breaks but if they are one minute late it's a disciplinary offense)", '• Belittled, degraded, demeaned, ridiculed, patronized, subject to disparaging remarks', '• Regularly the target of offensive language, personal remarks, or inappropriate bad language', '• The target of unwanted sexual behavior', '• Threatened, shouted at and humiliated, especially in front of others', '• Taunted and teased where the intention is to embarrass and humiliate', '• Set unrealistic goals and deadlines which are unachievable or which are changed without notice or reason or whenever they get near achieving them', '• Denied information or knowledge necessary for undertaking work and achieving objectives', '• Starved of resources, sometimes whilst others often receive more than they need', '• Denied support by their manager and thus find themselves working in a management vacuum', '• Either overloaded with work (this keeps people busy ', ' and makes it harder to achieve targets) or have all their work taken away (which is sometimes replaced with inappropriate menial jobs, eg photocopying, filing, making coffee)', '• Have their responsibility increased but their authority removed', "• Have their work plagiarized, stolen and copied - the bully then presents their target's work (eg to senior management) as their own", '• Are given the silent treatment: the bully refuses to communicate and avoids eye contact (always an indicator of an abusive relationship); often instructions are received only via email, memos, or a succession of yellow stickies or post-it notes', '• Subject to excessive monitoring, supervision, micro-management, recording, snooping etc', '• The subject of written complaints by other members of staff (most of whom have been coerced into fabricating allegations - the complaints are trivial, often bizarre ', ' and often bear striking similarity to each other, suggesting a common origin)', '• Forced to work long hours, often without remuneration and under threat of dismissal', '• Find requests for leave have unacceptable and unnecessary conditions attached, sometimes overturning previous approval, especially if the person has taken action to address bullying in the meantime', '• Denied annual leave, sickness leave, or - especially - compassionate leave', '• When on leave, are harassed by calls at home or on holiday, often at unsocial hours', '• Receive unpleasant or threatening calls or are harassed with intimidating memos, notes or emails with no verbal communication, immediately prior to weekends and holidays (eg 4pm Friday or Christmas Eve - often these are hand-delivered)', "• Do not have a clear job description, or have one that is exceedingly long or vague; the bully often deliberately makes the person's role unclear", '• Are invited to "informal" meetings which turn out to be disciplinary hearings', '• Aare denied representation at meetings, often under threat of further disciplinary action; sometimes the bully abuses their position of power to exclude any representative who is competent to deal with bullying', "• Encouraged to feel guilty, and to believe they're always the one at fault", '• Subjected to unwarranted and unjustified verbal or written warnings', '• Facing unjustified disciplinary action on trivial or specious or false charges', '• Facing dismissal on fabricated charges or flimsy excuses, often using a trivial incident from months or years previously', '• Coerced into reluctant resignation, enforced redundancy, early or ill-health retirement', '• Denial of the right to earn your livelihood including preventing you getting another job, usually with a bad or misleading reference', 'The bully selects their target using the following criteria:', '• Bullies are predatory and opportunistic - you just happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time; this is always the main reason - investigation will reveal a string of predecessors, and you will have a string of successors', '• Being good at your job, often excelling', '• Being popular with people (colleagues, customers, clients, pupils, parents, patients, etc)', ' more than anything else, the bully fears exposure of his/her inadequacy and incompetence; your presence, popularity and competence unknowingly and unwittingly fuel that fear', '• Being the expert and the person to whom others come for advice, either personal or professional (ie you get more attention than the bully)', '• Having a well-defined set of values which you are unwilling to compromise', '• Having a strong sense of integrity (bullies despise integrity, for they have none, and seem compelled to destroy anyone who has integrity)', '• Having at least one vulnerability that can be exploited', '• Being too old or too expensive (usually both)', '• Refusing to join an established clique', '• Showing independence of thought or deed', '• Refusing to become a corporate clone and drone', '• Jealousy (of relationships and perceived exclusion therefrom) and envy (of talents, abilities, circumstances or possessions) are strong motivators of bullying.
I've been currently working for this nonprofit for 4 years now. ", "The past year has been hell for me. One night after working hours I received a call from one of our V.P.'s telling me that I needed to meet with attorney at 9:00 a.m. the next morning for an investigation into a sexual harassment charge. I was flabbergasted. My first thought was Oh My God, what have I done? I teach restraint techniques and I thought maybe someone felt that they were touched wrong or something. Well, it wasn't that I did anything to anyone. She proceeded to tell me that it was due to an allegation that I made about our new HR man. Again, I said OMG, what the heck are you talking about?", "She would not answer and just told me she didn't have any details.", 'Come to find out, at least a dozen other staff at all levels of management had been discussing this and me for well over a month prior to my phone call from the VP. ', 'Additionally, I later found out that the HR guy went to every employee he could to say "I want to be the first to tell you that (my name) has filed a sexual harassment allegation against me." A second VP immediately went to the HR person and told him "stay away from her, don\'t go anywhere with her alone, never shut the door to your office, and never have any contact with her." We\'ll he\'s my boss so thats darn near impossible.', "Anyway, 6 months passed since my meeting with the attorney and not one person from this organization has ever spoken with me directly about this. They have avoided me like I was enemy #1. My emotional stress was amplified by the reaction I received from staff that I had worked with for 4 years. I didn't understand why I wasn't given the benefit of the doubt. Why no one came to me including the HR guy and asked me about this.", 'I was SHOCKED that not one of our senior management knew that saying that someone is "flirty" 10 months ago is NOT sexual harassment.', 'Additionally, I asked on 5 different occasions to speak with the CEO who I also answer to and he never could manage a meeting. One day in the kitchen he passed by and said, "oh yeah, you wanted to talk about the sexual harassment deal? there\'s nothing to it, should have never happened."', "Where did all this start? A year or so ago when the HR guy first started another coworker came to me and said, isn't he great, I think he's wonderful. My response was, he seems very outgoing and friendly but he is flirty, he will have to watch that in his new position.", 'No allegations or sexual harassment formally or informally were ever filed by me not did I ever see a reason to. Nothing ever happened that could even be misconstrued as sexual harassment during the time that I trained him for his job.', 'Still to this day, I am plagued by the emotional stress of this. People treat me different, I was removed from sr. management for no reason and demoted and I have to come to work everyday and be a cheerleader for an organization that I feel mistreated me. Leaving this job is not an option for me. I did nothing wrong, I will not quit. They have tried to get me to quit by making the HR director my boss who used to answer to me. But I made up my mind to put a smile on my face, take what they give me and do my job until another comes along.', "Legal recourse? I don't think I have any. I didn't take medication to deal with the emotional abuse or personal attacks against my character, integrity and reputation so how do I prove the torment that I went through?
In 1976 a GP promised me help with a phobia at the time of giving birth.  He went back on his word.  I was put through a sexual abuse related phobia.  My health, marriage and life broke down.  This gave a weak foundation within self.  Years later with rumours of dishonesty at work I broke down again and saw a psychiatrist.  With no mention of the doctor's malpractice and with sexual abuse unrealised, I suffered further abuse when the psychiatrist put my problem down to my marriage.  I have been buried under labels, dismissed and stigmatised within the health service.", 'However, through determination I have spent years gaining understanding and moving from brokenness to wholeness.  I lecture to student nurses, have had an article published in a nurse magazine and am now on a committee for community mental health.', 'Fighting oppression is an exhausting ongoing battle, where I constantly face and overcome fear.  My aim is to further opportunities to speak out.  ', "Being mildly autistic, I can't see the harm in people and have suffered much bullying at work and I believe it is because people are threatened.  Someone once said 'Don't work so hard, it makes it look bad for the rest of us'.  ", 'Take care,', 'Lynn
I\'ve worked for my boss for one year now. At first, he was funny, kind, giving, and supportive. And within two months, it began. The put-downs but he was "only joking" - the insults of where I\'m from - the belittling of my job performance, the snide remarks under his breath, even going as far as insulting my own family. And then things would get better and he was fun again and out of the blue it started again - and the pattern began.', 'I can\'t lose this job, I told myself, I have a daughter to raise and I\'m a single mother. Even though this job has no health insurance or benefits or vacation or sick leave, I have to keep it. But the warning signs were there from the beginning - taking credit for ideas I had. Taking time off to leave me on my own doing his work. Put downs in front of the clients. And when he hired a new person in the office, his sarcasm escalated in front of her. She thought it was funny. And still comments, "you two fight like an old married couple." I told her, "I can do without it."', 'Then, after being here a year, the new girl starts and I see subtle changes. I\'m excluded from meetings. She\'s automatically given vacation after 2 months when I worked here a year. He gives her 1/2 days off. She comes in late and leaves early. He is always nitpicking my work. Coming up with mistakes that aren\'t even there. So, I get anxious and nervous. Losing files on his own, and forgetting things only to blame me and call me "ditzy". His sarcasm is with everyone, even the clients. He told me to "Get a Life" in front of them the other day and I retorted, "I have a life." He wouldn\'t let it go and said, "Get a better life." In front of the clients. It\'s so demeaning.', 'That was this week, and then a day after he was extremely moody and nitpicky that morning, I gave him a file and jokingly said, "here you go sassy pants" - he wasn\'t laughing and said, "Okay bitch." I ignored him and turned around. But it stung. I\'m in a difficult situation because I can\'t lose this job but I\'m very depressed working here.
A few years ago I worked with a woman who I am sure had a narcissistic personality disorder. Going to work was like walking into hell. Though I knew she was ill, I experienced her as evil. Her previous manager had written her an exceptional reference then when she was in position, he retracted the reference openly admitting he had done it to get rid of her!', 'In her previous position she had actually nearly bought down a whole borough service. Now she was free to do the same in this post which she did within a year. I managed to get out at 6 months but the hideousness of that time still remains with me. She was everything a worst bully can be but always presented herself as the victim.', 'Everybody was inferior to her except another person who constantly re-inforced how brilliant this hideous person was. They developed an intimate relationship and the whole service quickly evaporated as they developed a siege mentality trying to destroy everything around them (including me) whilst their role was to set up a new service which they did not get further than painting the bathroom of the building we were to work from.', 'Sadly, a manager above them was sacked for not managing them but the pair were unmanageable. I am glad to say funding for this new service was pulled within a year as they did not have the skills to actually develop it as their task became to destroy all around them. I have since worked with people who have specific traits this woman had but never to the extent.', 'You cannot challenge these people. If you do prepare to go it alone and be alienated by others who do not want the bullying directed towards them. Managers are unable to manage them so going above them does not work. I tried. Two people who knew her from her previous post looked in horror when they realised she had moved boroughs and one woman left her post stating she would never work anywhere this woman worked again.', 'These people are rife in the caring professions. They feel superior to people ill and in need and once in position start going up the management ladder. I wish there was a way of filtering out such people. Though she was unbearable a part of me also felt sad for her when I saw slash marks on both forearms which re-enforced my belief she was ill and should have been a client of a service herself rather than a manager.
For the first 2 years in my job I had excellent feedback about my performance. I was passionate, dedicated and creative. During this time I was given more responsibility and worked hard to develop my skills, knowledge and professional network. ', 'Perplexingly, as my performance and positive feedback from my colleagues increased, the worse the feedback manager became. She also began (unfairly) loading me up with additional work and removing responsibilities without explanation. She gave me deliberately vague instructions (and therefore was able to criticise me whatever I did) and withheld information and resources so that it was difficult or impossible to do my work.', 'Each time I tried to address concerns about these practices with her, she insisted there was nothing wrong with her behaviour and the problem was all to do with my personal shortcomings such as my ability to cope / my time management skills.', "This bullying went on for about 12 months, it has affected me quite badly - I have been badly depressed, withdrawn from friends and colleagues, deeply self-conscious of others' perceptions of me, lost confidence in my professional abilities and my ability to interact with others. The most debilitating outcome has been social phobia resulting in anxiety and difficulty with leaving the house.", 'It took a while for me to realise what my manager was doing, but once I did - with the help of my union representative - I took the matter to the human resources (HR) department. Although HR explicitly supported my manager, they did agree to a 10 week payout and the process gave me a forum to express my concerns openly and uninterrupted with my manager present.', "Now I am concentrating on getting her criticisms and judgements out of my head. I keep reminding myself that she was actively trying to break down my confidence and control me BECAUSE I was good at my job and because people liked and valued me. And when I am ready, I know I'll find a good job with a supportive manager. I also know to trust my judgement and hope I will be able to recognise and deal with a bully sooner in future.
While working for the Australian government I witnessed a gay guy being bullied. After submitting my version of events I was repeatedly victimised by management and executive. Traumatised I went on anti-depressants but they failed me.', "When I left the job I cautiously changed my name so the bullies wouldn't find me. The constant fear of being rebullied undermined my cognitive functions and marked me out as a target by predatory bullies in other work environments. Now my career is over because of liars and inadequate anti-bullying laws, pathetic caps on exemplary damages for defamation cases, and I have no legal recourse for unfair dismissal because of the shameful labour laws in Australia.", 'After being re-traumatised over and over again, under constant extreme stress in the last few years, no income for 6 months I am physically, emotionally, neurologically, socially and vocationally destroyed and I had no power to prevent it from happening to me.', "The doctors wont diagnose me with PTSD because my life wasn't at risk, I cant get welfare in this dreadful country because they discriminate against NZ citizens, I cant leave the country because 1. I cant afford to and 2. My entire family live here. What's more I haven't even finished paying for my degree that got me so destroyed in the first place.
This week is a year I left a govt company for another with a longer contract for job security purposes. Before accepting the position I was warned of the individual I\'d be working with. My response was "I can get along with anybody". Well, this individual has demeaned me, placed ridiculous rules on work, and as of three weeks ago said "any monkey can do what you do". I have 42 pages of comments I have endured since coming here a year ago.', "After the monkey comment I asked HR for help. Well, they did nothing and told me I have to deal with people like that at times, that it is a job. I have an appt. with the Bus Ops director over HR next week, and will take it high as need be. All I have asked was to be moved from the small area we sit in together. Now I get silent treatment while she is openly nice to EVERYONE around. My Manger says I shouldn't let it bother me since I don't want her to talk to me anyway...?", 'Well, gotta go... what do you do with a total witch?', 'Dealing with workplace bullies can be full of pitfalls. For more info see ', '
Everyday my manager would blame me for every mistake that happened in the office, I even got in trouble for her mistakes. She lied to the director about me and sadly I think (even though the director knew me) she believed what she was being told.', "Every time the manager did the change we would be down 50-80 dollars but that was alright as she was the one making the mistakes. She was constantly telling me that I wasn't doing my job correctly in front of the clients and then when they had left she would admit that I was doing it the right way and she was wrong. (of course after they walked away)", "The other lady in the office would abuse and swear at the clients and that was alright because they were BFF's. Even though we worked in an environment that it was our job to look out for the families of sick people. A couple of times she even cost us hundreds of dollars from the mistakes that she made and then it would be up to the rest of us to fix her mistakes.", "It got to the stage that I hated going there because I knew that she would cause me more humiliation in front of the other staff members and the clients. When the director would ring I would even get in trouble if I spoke to her as my manager didn't like her but was unable to go off at her so she would take it out on me.", "She even turned the other staff members against me, but it was also another lady who worked there that she had a problem with and would do all the same things to her. The only people she was nice to was the ones who did everything she wanted and I just couldn't be that person.", "If you are going through something like this just make a compliant in letter form and don't let them get away with it. Just stand up for yourself...
I have recently been a target of workplace 'mobbing'. This isn't the first time I've experienced bullying and I'm at the end of the road.", "I'm a Personal Care Attendant in a nursing home and on the 2/6/10 was called into my managers office and accused of vague anti social behaviors and my managers claimed an anonymous letter was submitted stating I'd verbally threatened patients with physical violence. This was the accumulation of allegations against me over the past few months each one becoming more severe. It's the worst they could accuse me of. My grandmother was murdered 16 years ago and it's taken me years to come to terms with it. I don't know if anyone at work found out about it but they couldn't have accused me of a more terrible crime. I loved my patients with all my heart.", "I left the meeting straight away. I was afraid I'd have a panic attack plus I didn't think it was a good idea to stay without an independent witness. I just lost my parents within 2 weeks of each other and since then the mobbing began. Actually I think it was because I disagreed with a managers derogatory work assessment of me at about the same time. I attend an interview at a job agency on the 29/5/10. Unbeknown to me the agency was run by a good friend of the manager. Her mother was also in the nursing home I worked. Four days later I was called into the office and the false allegations were made. I contacted the union and they told me because I was a casual employee I had no rights to fight the allegations or my co workers behavior. I put my heart and soul into my job and feel bereft without it but I'm too scared to work in another nursing home because that place was actually one of the better ones in the industry.", "I'm very lost, depressed and alone. I have had to let my ex partner look after my children because I don't want them to see me so depressed. I wrote a letter to the owner of the nursing home but haven't sent it yet and don't know if I will. I know he won't care but I don't know what else to do as I don't appear to have any legal or union recourse.", "This shattered me more than my parents death. It showed how 2 faced, mean and cruel people can be. I don't trust anyone anymore least of all myself because no matter how hardworking, careful and polite I was I was still targeted. I've read all the mobbing/bullying literature and identified with a lot of it but it's a small comfort that traits that are my essential personality will always land me in trouble, ie integrity, cheerfulness, hardworking.
I work in a maternity ward, taking care of mothers and newborns. The staff consists of Registered nurses and some licenced practical nurses and nursing assistants. I work in the role of a nursing assistant, but I have an associates degree as a Registered nurse. I am back in school to do a bachelors in health science, not to work in nursing.', "I have consistently experienced overt sarcasm and have been talked at. I have even been insulted publicly while at the nurse's station and in the break-room. I often prefer to keep to myself, because it has been consistent for more than 5 years, with this very same group of co-workers. I have worked with the company since 1996 until now.", "There are times when I am telling the nurses about a patient's condition and they walk-away and often ignore me. I had a nurse who asked me to walk a patient to the restroom, and after I took the patient to the restroom, I went to the nurse to report the patient's condition (how well the patient tolerated the walk) and I was pretty much ignored.", 'Another nurse asked me to go to a room to weigh a baby and after I entered the room she heard the baby crying and said "is she coming in to bother you"? I believe her comment may cause the patients to feel as if my job is invaluable, but I just ignored her. I also had another nurse who jokingly refered to me as Willy Wonka, but I just ignored her. I am a physically attractive lighter-skinned woman, and I am 40 years old, but I am often told that I look like a 16 y.o. or a 20 y.o.', "I can honestly say that I love my job, but the maternal-newborn unit often attracts nurses and nursing assistants who don't want to work very hard, which gives them a lot of time on their hands to gossip and back-stab even their so-called friends. Our nurse manager has talked to the entire nursing staff about refraining from hostility and to treat each other with respect (not because of any complaints of mine) but by the complaints of other staff members, who felt empowered enough to complain. Unfortunately, their complaints have not changed a whole lot, because I often hear them complaining about their experiences but the management doesn't get involved enough to rectify the problems!", "These consistent problems have affected the morale of the unit, and has affected the care we give to the patients, because even when a nurse needs my help I don't go out of my way to help them, because I am busy with other patients and I know that when I speak to them about their patients'  conditions that I will be ignored. As a result, I just prefer not to get involved. ", "We have also been working shorthanded consistently for at least 2-3 years. When we go to work, we are severely short-staffed and there are some days when they call us to stay home, so it's either feast or famine!  Not many of the nurses are happy being there, however, the bullying that I've experienced is coming from the same persons consistently.
I work for a government department that I joined straight after year 12. I was sent to a new work location after 12 months maternity leave, and suffering postnatal depression. I applied to work part time. My workplace didn't give me any induction training, which was fine but then a month after starting my supervisor told me to stop asking questions. This left me feeling unable to gain skills which I would have developed through induction training.", 'I was taken from my work to have meetings with my supervisor. I was accused of not doing tasks correctly - some where fictitious. I politely accepted correction. I was screamed at and criticized. I was questioned and discouraged about breastfeeding and other parenting choices. I was told to express milk in bathroom, no time was allocated for expressing. I was threatened with disciplinary action for forgetting to pick up a key. I had people ignore me, or told me to mind my own business when I tried to enter conversations.', "The department has policy for workplace bullying and when I submitted a formal complaint, I was labelled a 'complainer' and threatened with dismissal. The behaviour continued after the complaint. This has left me unable to work, my PND has gotten worse. I'm unable to leave my house some days. I have contemplated Suicide. My beautiful children don't have a healthy mum.", "As far as I am concerned, the policy isn't any more than words on paper. I have notified parliament and if I don't get an apology, I will come public to protect women considering a career in this department.", 'I am no longer the happy, life loving extrovert I used to be. I feel dead.', 'The news papers can publish my story one day because I feel like I could not be any more humiliated or broken than what I am now.
I have started to work for a huge top ten international investment bank over 2 years ago. It was not my first job and I was hired because of my skills and good references from previous employers.', 'First 2 weeks seemed to be like on honeymoon. Everyone charming treated me as a part of "family".', 'Shortly I was offered a job in another department of my company due to my previous work experiences and knowledge. New supervisors were impressed with my work and after 3 months they offered me to stay on permanent position in their department. It was a small department again after a short period I have been accepted as a true "family member". Work demands were very high due to increased demand of our clients at that time as many of them wanted to redeem their shares in our accounts as a result of credit crunch.', 'I coped with my duties very well and learning new things did not make any difficulties for me.', 'Shortly after New Year we have been called for an appointment to audience hall and told that HR will be looking for head cuts due to financial loss of the whole group. Everyone can choose if he/she prefers to stay, be transferred to another department or chooses voluntary redundancy.', "Shortly after the meeting we have been informed that our long term unit head resigned and is due to take another role in another company. 3 weeks later we had a new unit head and a new manager of our department, who was a kind of neurotic and with no experience in the type of a business which we provided to our clients. Our Unit head as well asked us to provide her with info on professional qualifications and I've found myself the only of 10 with third level diploma in law and commerce.", 'Next weeks were just business as usual, I have noticed that my direct supervisor and manager avoid to speak to me openly and 2 colleagues in the department started asking questions in front of everyone in relation to my work commenting "if you\'re going to review this documentation with such strong attention to detail, we will sit here till evening". Any small spelling mistake in 40 pages of document was a huge misconduct from my side and generally it was coming from one person on a senior position, couple of years younger than me, who was designated to check my work. After a few weeks of nit-picking I finally asked, what is the reason of her nit-picking and being rude in relation to me? Her colleague yells in the front of the whole department to me, "stop to behave like a sacred cow, everyone can see this!!!".', 'That moment for the first time in my professional life I lost my cold blood personality and just break down and cry. I could see how funny it was for ladies in my department.', 'Shortly after that I have been accused of a gross misconduct due to loss of documentation. The documentation finally was found in another supervisor locker. Of course I have not received any apology.', 'And situations like these started to occur on a daily, weekly basis. As well I have been a target of gossips in relation to my private life - why I rent accommodation for myself and where do I have money for such clothes. Well I always was an attractive person with a good fashion taste.', 'My defamation campaign started with a full effort after one meeting in our head office one day. I was informed I\'m not entitled to salary increase and my performance is very poor due to my unprofessional behaviour". I have asked her what does she mean by this, she said (rather yell) "you should never react this way to the criticism, it can happened everywhere and you should do everything what your senior person wants you to do" and "I do have such overview from a couple of people in our department - your superiors". That was too much for me. In the meantime I have provided her statement with my recent appraisal note and it was saying it is very good. The next day I have received a statement with salary increase.', 'And from this point the living hell started with a full effort - unpleasant jokes and allusions to my appearance, allusions and trivial accusations in relation to my work, performance etc.', 'Finally in the end of year I have received another very good appraisal, saying that I am very strong and reliable team member and I can be promoted to higher level of duties. She handed to me statement saying I will not get any bonus or salary increase for this year, because "you have to work longer in this company to be appreciated". In the same time my colleagues from the department who were working 3 or 2 months longer than me, with lack of qualifications and worse performance, have been accredited for salary increase and bonuses. They organized a party to celebrate their success, but I have never been invited.', 'In the same time they discovered that I am during the course for post master qualifications desirable in our industry. My supervisor who did the same course, but failed at some stage, declined to give me study leave, declined as well to give me annual leave, despite she knew about my incoming wedding and holidays needed for arrangements.', 'One of her sarcastic comments were "this is a miracle how your life is going on". She was shortly redundant due to voluntary redundancies, but became very aggressive after I reported formally behaviour of a senior member of our team, who was checking my work. She was her trustful colleague. She escalated the fact to unit head saying there was always been a problem with my person and my behaviour. Later on she issued an email to me including humiliating phrases as risk of disciplinary procedure against me that the way I threat other people is causing what I am receiving in advance.', 'The same day I was accused of breaching security rules of organisation, despite documents were placed in our department, but not in the place where they should be in their opinion.', 'A nightmare occurred later that day. I came to bathroom and was washing my hands, suddenly I felt like I am losing my consciousness, strong chest pain spreading to my neck and jaw. Another lady who was in the bathroom called security and shortly I was taken to ER. The same day I received a phone call from unit head asking what happened and that she hope to see me on Monday in the office as we are so busy lately. She was shocked I was advised to stay at home for a week.', 'I came back to work 10 days ago and discovered that management requires me to provide additional certification from ER department in relation to that what happened. My new line manager even was shaking her hands while commenting on medical certificate - "what?? What this term means?? What is it??"', 'And that all in a front of HR representative and in my presence. I told them all story and HR lady asked "what are you going to do now?" I told "first I want to give my line manager an opportunity to look into this situation". She declined saying "this is a responsibility of each individual to have pleasant relationships at work". HR lady angry at my manager offered her help in an informal mediation session. I asked a few ladies for this meeting and asked what is going on. They were accusing me of dirty look, and referring general to my person, they way I work and that they feel threatened, but declined to provide the evidence and explain what exactly drives them crazy in my behaviour.', 'HR closed this issue and classified this a small interpersonal issue. During next week my superior started extraordinary nit picking and report to my manager that I am unable to progress to serious duties.', 'Next week again I fall down with chest pain in my house and was forced to take 6 weeks of sick leave.', 'Occupational Health doctor was appointed at this stage suggesting panic/anxiety attacks and could not believe in the situations which occurred in relation to my person. I came back to work 6 weeks later and found out that my duties were taken over by another girl from our department, having not enough experience in our industry to check my work, a senior person who made such problems constantly was now my direct supervisor. A few times I had to come back to her saying she is wrong and client will not accept this feedback. She reacted in a very unpleasant manner asking everyone around what she needs to do now. Of course her mistakes were not pointed out by anybody.', "In the meantime I was accused again of breaching bank security policies because I did not move archive boxes to a secure room. In fact the same senior person was working with them checking my work done that day. They have been awarded that I shall not lift anything heavy. At one to one meeting my line manager did not want to hear anything from me and attempt to issue a formal warning breaching any rules of employee's rights. I pointed out this to her and later on I was advised to bring a certificate from my doctor saying that I shall not lift heavy boxes due to my cardiac problems (and this is only for 2, 3 boxes per month). She stopped to talk to me the next day.", 'I was under medical treatment that time, but again one evening I had to go to ER for the same reasons and again I am on sick leave. Company doctor says I shall not attend work in such condition and he will confirm with my GP and consultant when I can be fit to work again.', 'At the age of 31 I am diagnosed with a cardiac problems which can be life threading, my career just hanging on. My employer does not want me to be on sick leave anymore, my manager is extremely angry while I am notifying her of my further absence from work ("Well, I hope you do will feel better soon, Dee!!"). While on sick leave I am receiving info from my work colleagues about gossips around my person and absence, how lazy I am, what is the nature of my illness, that they have to do my job now." All this situation with my illness is really funny for them.', 'I try to keep the faith this will finish soon and I will come back to health soon (I have never had serious health issues in the past). I cannot lose faith in myself as this will be the end of everything.
Hired more than 5 years ago to play instrument, direct choir, now 28 years of experience. ', 'There is an elderly woman also in employment who plays weekly. Plays more than terribly. Her playing is worse weekly. ', "Spouse, who has history of verbal abuse and explosive anger, and daughter who takes after father, and just as an aside farts during church services, have taken it upon themselves to discredit professional musician because, in following clerical direction, the professional musician is now doing something that they don't like. They gave ultimatum to cleric that this elderly woman who plays more than badly gets what they want...", "My evaluation, as the professional, now includes their complaints (she plays badly, can't keep tempo, and they are upset about various attempts to addresses tempo issues between her and choir), and despite contract, the cleric is requesting concessions...", 'Elderly woman has not discussed her issues with cleric nor with professional musician.', 'Basically, the professional musician is being challenged by 2 persons who have no authority to review contract nor to evaluate professional musician.', "While I'd like to move onto another position, especially after all these years of dealing with this dysfunctional triangle, there has been no job postings for the entire time. I'm ready to hire a lawyer to address workplace harassment.
Hi, I have worked in my firm for 22 years, and in the last 3 years moved to a different part. I really like the job, I work in a very busy area with one other person and we are fine. I unfortunately have to use equipment in the main office downstairs as our boss won't buy extra copiers, printers, etc. In the three years I have noticed that my print outs in the downstairs office were jamming, destroying my work, all my work leads to these print outs and they are forwarded to main branch and this gets me in bother with main office as my work involves serious accounts.", "I used this system in other parts of my firm so I'm experienced and thought it was strange. It causes so much stress and I'm up and down a stairs nearly 30 to 40 times to see if my work has printed. I began to notice that when a particular person was off my work was fine and when they returned they were destroyed again. The other girl I work with noticed this as well. So I began to log and started to ring our computer help area which claimed my name didn't break down the system. A different name showed up. Unfortunately this isn't enough proof as all this person has to say is that they were checking the system out.", "Then I started to notice that taxis were being sent off without my work which costs the firm more money to book a 2nd cab. The work being forwarded by cab had a time deadline of 1pm and was traveling 15 mins but the cab was being booked and sent deliberately at 9.45 am. It has to go from main office I can't order it. It was so upsetting as I can't make this time with my workload. This all delays me and puts me under immense pressure. Now I'm starting to make mistakes in my rush. I can't be thorough.", "It was hard to catch the person in the act as a lock is on the door and you can hear a person coming into the office but luckily a few weeks ago the door was open and there that person was sabotaging my work right in front of me. They never saw me coming. It took on a whole new meaning to know for sure. I was always wondering. The person was always hoovering around the printer but this was the very first time I got there and saw it done. It gave me a chill. There was only one other person in the room but they said nothing and I just stated why would you do that to my work. I was told they didn't do anything that I was the one ruining it for them. It's true I have a lot of work. How can I help that?", "The ironic part is that I am this persons senior not directly just by grade and have worked longer in the firm but not this location. I even offered to print out of hours in my time and I was again told no with no discussion by a junior grade. When I pick a particular time to print it's always plugged out, without paper and I'm told no paper is available. I walked out so upset. Its just like this person is out to get me. I only use the office equipment twice a week. If this person hates me so much considering I don't work directly with them rarely see them other than this when I offered to print out of hours it should have been fine solution.", 'Its so scary and the person has a direct intention against me and has a scary demeanor. Has made vicious crank calls to the office in general not to anyone and not to me as so called practical jokes. One was caught on answering machine and was terrible. This person even sent his buddy up to my office to slip the words about how he was such a good worker was the only one who helped them. Obviously once he was caught he wanted to let me know he had friends.', "I'm very introverted I don't drink and stick to myself. The majority of people in the area are very much into socializing, drinking, smoking, etc. I did try to use the main coffee room but last time I was in there and went to sit at the our main table he told me to sit somewhere else he was leaving. He didn't leave however at all and I had to embarrassingly go and ask people I did not know could I sit with them and when others arrived I was so embarrassed. He just sniggered down at me. This is why I don't go over to the main area and either does the lady I work with. I'm isolated now, I wouldn't mind at all if I had my own independent work area but I don't.", "Now I'm stressed, I'm depressed, I feel it's so personal against me and have even developed a tic in my eye its such terror facing the job. My boss won't deal with this person he comes and goes when he chooses and on one occasion stood up in the middle of a work lecture and walked off home 10 minutes before home time. Our boss would pull us up but not a word is said to this person. I'm really afraid, I have to work there and he has friends, it never seems to be the bullies that get blamed. All I'm doing is my work. Then this person laughs and jokes with those he likes while I'm in panic trying so sort someway to do my job without prints.", "No one ever helps and its ruining my life and I can't leave. I need the pay cheque. Outside of work I know he did threaten someone. I don't want to go down a route of complaint it won't go well for me. What can I do.
I studied hard and earned my degree and postgrad qualifications at the university, achieving grade a+ in internet subjects. Then I joined Telescum New Zealan*'s internet service group in 1996. I survived there for 1.5 years and finally got bullied until I got stress breakdown, laughing and crying at the same time, could not sleep, feel extremely scared and got pressured to leave and get silenced.", 'All sorts of crazy people and things were there. I worked very hard at solving all computer problems and writing many codes to create their customer billing and ecommerce systems. The bully(ies), not having relevant knowledge and qualifications, just joined in using exaggerated claims, and started their robbery since day one of their employment, where they would just rob away my property and source code and label everything as theirs, and create falsified records against written corp policies.', "However the top management were also opportunists and don't enforce the policies or take responsibility. After I helped them make billions of dollars, they just bad mouthed me and threw me to the street, and ironically I was the company's minority shareholder.", "One of the lessons I learnt was that I might be too nice and naive, and my faith and trust were seriously breached and violated. I was very disappointed at people's selfishness and dishonesty. Maybe you can say I'm stupid to earn a tiny $10k to make them $1000k, but I was innocently on a mission to do something great, whether it was for the large corporate, or for the country, or for the community, or for higher bosses or seniors. But again, I learnt that I should also watch for my health and not to slamp my whole life into it, for it all became someone else's wealth and not mine.", "I don't dare to speak up, because I might have just helped the most evil group of people succeed with lots of money, and if I walk on the street when they're armed with all information and money, I don't know if I could end up in an 'accidental' death for no good reason. You know, they're good at playing PR games and putting up glossy ads.
The risk manager at work is planning to "scare" a vendor whom she believes said something "untrue" about one of our employees. She is going to scare him by calling him pretending to be an attorney with a lawsuit against him for slander. Is this bullying? At the very least, it\'s combating a possible lie with a lie. ', 'This person is a classic bully in my opinion. She is rewarded by management with promotions and raises although the rest of us are afraid of her. One of the first things I heard about her when I started working there about a year ago was to watch out for her, not to trust her, that she would throw anyone under a bus to save her own hide. All of that has proven true. Last year, I discovered a situation where she had clearly not been doing her job and it was impacting my job. I handled it with her directly and did not involve anyone else. From that point on, I have had difficulties with her. Her failure to do her job was known by the CEO and put the organization at risk. She got promoted from manager to director, got a raise and won "Manager of the Year" for 2009. As the risk manager, her bullying may help the organization to pay less in settlements. That\'s the only reason I can imagine she would be of value.', "No matter how simple a misunderstanding, she will turn it into an opportunity to be aggressive towards people: the principal at her children's school, a secretary, a colleague. And she brags about it to anyone who's willing to listen. She seems to take pride in being a bully.", ' ', "I deliberately resigned from my director position, am working part time in a much lesser role, and started graduate school full time so that I can get out of there. It was a sacrifice but I am feeling much better now that I don't cross paths with her, but I am still concerned about her making some attempt to mess with me.", "What make these kind of people tick? I think she's a psychopath.
I read lots of stories about workplace bullying and sometimes is appears more like having a 'toxic personality' in the workplace rather than a bully. Bullies do target individuals, and usually high performers. Toxic personalities create division, upset and operate from the same basis of 'power and control'.", 'The interesting thing about both of these types, is the reluctance by senior management to respond effectively, especially if the bully is the HR Director, or another Senior Manager.', 'But the only way bullying and toxic personalities can be effectively dealt with is to have robust policies, a zero tolerance to that type of behaviour, and a good complaints process for staff at all levels where they can raise the issue of bullying or toxic personalities, and where they know that it will be dealt with regardless of who the bully happens to be.', 'Otherwise, all you get is a shadow of collusion and whilst you have collusion, you will continue to have workplace bullying, harassment and toxic personalities. Bullies need targets and they need collusion. Without these, they cannot continue to bully and either have to change their behaviour, or they have to find another workplace.', 'So, in my opinion - if your workplace is reluctant to develop a policy, reluctant to deal with the bullies and toxic personalities - then often the only alternative is to go find a workplace who truly takes staff welfare seriously.
Why do people bully in the workplace?', 'There is a lot of literature out there devoted to describing the negative consequences of bullying in the workplace.  This article explores some of the reasons why people actually bully. This list is by no means exhaustive; much of it is based on personal observation and experience.  ', 'Some people just cannot help themselves!  The minute they are entrusted with any form of power they cannot resist the urge to bully and cajole people.  Call them psychopaths, control freaks or just plain mean-spirited; these people thrive on bad behaviour and making other people’s lives a misery. ', '  ', 'Many bullies behave in this manner because they have low self-esteem.  Putting down or intimidating other people can be an ill-informed way of proving their own self-worth.', 'Yes, we all have different personalities and we’re not going to like everyone we encounter.  However some people will take it a stage further and bully someone purely on the basis that they do not like an aspect of their personality.  It can go in every direction.  An introvert, for example, may bully an extroverted or gregarious personality or vice-versa.  It is devastating to observe the effects of this on the individual/s concerned.  Systematic, prolonged bullying can destroy a person’s sense of self worth and make them a shell of their former self.', 'Unfortunately on far too many occasions the victim can become the tormentor.  If the opportunity arises some people cannot resist the temptation to bully if the boot is on the other foot.  ', 'Many people’s first impression of their workplace can be a negative experience.  Their first manager may be a megalomaniac or a psychopath who thrives on humiliating and intimidating people, especially vulnerable new members of staff.  First impressions do count.  If you are constantly subjected to this kind of behavior during the most impressionable time of your career, the chances are you will repeat this kind of behavior when you eventually assume a managerial role.', 'Some people need to be pushed; it’s the only way to get results! Often times the barking, bellowing monster may declare that their personal style of management is robust and that if they are not shouting and screaming then no work will ever get done.  Many people think they are immune because of the sheer force of their personality.  How many times do we hear it said of somebody, “That’s the way that ....... always is.  You cannot change them”.  I’m sorry, I would like to think that in this more enlightened age where bullying in the workplace is now being taken more seriously people will be required to adapt and modify bad behaviour.', 'One last point; many people share the view that bullying behaviour is the sole domain of people who occupy managerial roles.  Incorrect!  Bullying can be found in every layer of an organisation.  Yes, it does go up-down but it also goes down-up (In my experience as a leadership development facilitator, I have encountered many people in supervisory roles who have been traumatised by a bullying experience) and it certainly goes across from colleague to colleague.  Not only should we be aspiring for zero-tolerance but in an ideal world the ultimate aim should be zero-occurrence.
Our bully is our human resources director. Over the years, she acquired three titles in addition to being human resources director. (Human resources director is one of her newer titles.) This means that she oversees almost three quarters of our staff. It also gives her more power than our executive director and president. Mangers yield to her because she can literally halt a project, including simple in-house Xeroxing projects. Since she signs off on printing requisitions, she won't approve printing if she doesn't like the person placing the order. She is not always direct or obvious in her bullying. Often times, one can be caught off guard and wonder why their project has been stopped or why they are being treated badly. In her role as multi-director, she spends her day walking through our building manipulating situations, spreading gossip, and pitting colleague against colleague. In addition, she can interject herself into our personal lives since she has access to our personnel files. Our workplace has become increasingly toxic.
"Murphy" the author of this letter cannot seem to escape his tormentors. They are in his past, present, and future. Murphy moves and... out with the old bullies and in with the new.', 'The reader naturally gets the feeling that the problem might be Murphy and, of course, they are correct. ', 'Murphy has done nothing wrong EXCEPT that he has not done the right things either. Most advice to bully victims is to leave their place of employment and go somewhere else. The problem is that some victims bring their bullseye with them wherever they go.', 'The same phenomenon can be found with abused spouses. They seem to get out of one bad relationship and find themselves in another bad relationship. ', 'Chronic victims are like a lamp to bully moths.', "The real culprits are Murphy's parents, teachers, and others who did not help build Murphy with the self-esteem and self-confidence he needed for life as he grew up.", 'The bully will look for victims. When he finds a potentially weak personality, he will toss out an insult or prepare a difficult situation. Those with self-confidence will repell the attacks and the bully will look for new victims.', "It isn't easy - not at all. How can someone build self-esteem for themselves after a lifetime of victimization? It starts with putting yourself in an environment for growth and accomplishment. Find a good mentor. Get Really good at one thing - anything from kickboxing to butterfly collecting, but be the best in your field. Write a book about your expertise. Be the person people go to for help and answers. You will find that people with confidence in any part of their lives will carry that confidence with them through every aspect of their lives. ", "Don't we all suspect that if we brought Napolean into today's world, he would somehow quickly become the leader of whatever situation he was in, despite his lack of knowledge of computers, automation, language and despite his small physical stature, balding head, and itchy skin rashes? We just don't see him being bullied by some office punk.", 'Guys like Napolean know they are the Alpha male no matter where they go or what situation they are in. No matter how unfamiliar the situation, strong and confident people bring their confidence with them.', 'We all need to find that confidence in some aspect of our lives and bring it forward and center - always.
I had a workplace bully situation that was very threatening. The bully would follow me around whenever I entered an elevator, escalator or even in the community. I over heard the bully talking about me to another co-worker and manager VERY NEGATIVELY. I have been insulted, lied about and completely humiliated on several occasions by this bully. It was like a sickness or obsession. I was quite afraid for my well being. Human Resources was not effective in handling the situation. Fortunately, I am no longer in that environment. Your site and information has assisted me greatly in identifying workplace bullies in my new setting. Thank you for assisting us targets in finding resources to understand and deal with this issue.
I'm the Director of Administration and Human Resources for a nonprofit corporation. I have been bullied for 12 years; the last 7 very intensely. By accident I came across a workplace bullying article last year, and it wasn't until then that I realized the article described me to a tee.", "I'm a member of a 4 person executive team. I work extremely hard, and am well liked and respected, and genuinely care about everyone I work with, except my bully. When something goes wrong, I'm the one others rely on to fix it. I strive to help employees whether the situation is work-related or they are having trouble outside work.  Funny that I can't help myself.", 'The bullying started when I was promoted to HR Director, and then became intense when I was promoted onto the executive team. A peer in finance, also on the executive team, has done everything in her power to discredit me.  She withholds necessary information, rolls her eyes and laughs or gives me the "death stare" when I\'m talking, has started several rumors about me, including one that I\'m having an affair with a vendor. Her campaign to discredit me eventually led to an entire department being removed from my supervision. ', "The incredible thing is she is the most incompetent person I've ever had the displeasure of knowing. She is the head of finance but couldn't count her way out of a paper bag! She has made so many mistakes that have cost my company thousands and thousands of dollars, but nothing happens.", "She has lied, given me the silent treatment for weeks on end only to suddenly one day be my best friend (that's when I know real damage is being done), and has told my supervisor, also her supervisor and the president of the company, I'm untrustworthy and incompetent.  Thankfully, he knows this is not true.", "In group settings she belittles me and makes snide comments about me to my co-workers. She has told one person I supervise I'm a b*tch who is insanely jealous of her, I'm stupid, and the company is lucky to have her to keep things running.", 'After doing some research I mistakenly approached my boss with what I thought was happening. He listened, agreed to some of my points, but has done nothing. I received an excellent review last month; hers was so-so. We both received the same pay increase and make the same salary. This makes me incredibly angry and sick.', "My bully never blinks and her eyes are black. I honestly believe that if given the chance, she would physically hurt me. She smiles one minute and goes cold the next. It scares me how evil she is. She has stalked vendors, inappropriately approached them sexually, then threatened to fire them when they didn't reciprocate.", 'Now this person is bullying those I supervise in an effort to get to me. I\'m watching, helplessly, as people I\'ve worked with for 22 years are being targeted because of their relationships with me. I\'ve withdrawn, don\'t attend luncheons, don\'t participate in the "fun" activities for fear she will target others. One target has suffered serious stress-related heart problems, having already had one heart attack. How can an employer watch as this happens and do nothing?', 'I love my job and have worked very hard to get to the place I now am. Unfortunately, this evil person is destroying my confidence, my marriage, and my relationship with my adult daughter. I no longer seek out family, and no longer attend church, both things that previously were important to me. I no longer help in the community, which I loved to do.', "I don't know what to do next, except seek therapy by a professional trained in workplace bullying. I am proud of the fact that I stand up to her now, and no longer allow her to run me over. Unfortunately, that means the bullying intensifies, but I refuse to lie down and take it. ", 'I have been looking for another job for 3 years, and plan to leave as soon as I can. Any advice is greatly appreciated.
Oh my goodness, have I been bullied before. My one piece of advice to anyone who realize they are being bullied in it's earliest stage is to recognize it and report it. Three years ago, I was a novice nurse. From the very beginning, the charge nurse did not like me for no reason. I am serious guys. She would say all kinds of mean and demeaning things to me. At one point, she even hit me in my back.", "I have never been the confrontational type because of a lack of self-esteem. So, I never said anything. I thought that if I could just win her over then things would change. It only got worse. Any mistakes that I made were taken out of proportion. After losing about 40 lbs and starting to feel better about myself, I began to speak up. At this point, I was transferred. It really took it's toll on my confidence and self esteem.", "I have since started working at a new job and I love it. However, I find myself experiencing bullying again. This time it is from a nurse aide. Guys, I am so tired of this. But this time, I am prepared to fight. I don't care if the result is a loss of job . But, I absolutely refuse to be bullied again. The results of this type of behaviour is devastating. It has taken me nearly six months to rebuild my confidence and self esteem.
Sweat and Tears', 'Maria enters the parking lot and parks her car. She has 15 minutes before she has to go to the unit so she reclines her seat and closes her eyes. Maria starts thinking, and tries to deep breathe her worries away. Due to her present situation at work, she finds that she remembers some situations she experienced as a child more often. She starts to drift off to a particular traumatic event in her youth...', 'It\'s almost 3 pm and her heart already starts to race with fear. Sweat beads begin to appear on her forehead. The grade 2 teacher asks her if she is feeling okay. She could only muster up a measely little "Yeah". The bell rings. Maria thinks to herself "Oh god... please... pretty please... I can\'t take anymore... I wonder if I can find someone to walk with." She grabs her burgundy jacket, shaking as she puts it on.\t', 'Her knapsack is heavy with gym shoes and books. As she walks out of the school, she looks all around the grounds to see who is walking in the same direction. "Is that who I think it is... no... oh thank you!". Maria walks slowly across the gravel field, and looks behind her. Teary, she continues her walk home. "Why do other kids hate me so much? I guess I am too ugly." She gets to the top of the street and squints towards the end of the road. "Is he there? I can\'t see. What am I gonna to do?" Thump thump thump goes her heart.', 'Maria keeps walking. As she gets to the end of this road, she looks around. "Am I lucky this time? I can\'t see him anywhere." Maria turns the corner. "MMMaaarriia, there you are you piece of crap! Come here!". Tears start rolling down her cheeks. She starts to run but her legs are weak with fear. She can hear the pound of his feet catching up to her. "Oh god, oh god!" All of sudden, she stops to an abrupt halt. Her neck hurts from a sudden jolt. Maria realizes that he grabbed the hood of her jacket. She turns around. Yes, it is the same torturous face she sees everyday on her way home.', '"Maria, I keep telling you that you are not allowed to walk down my street. You are too ugly. You are a piece of crap! Did you hear me?" She couldn\'t say anything. Maria knew that if she said anything he would only get scarier. She looks down and sees a large tree branch in his hand. "You know what I am going to do with this? You guessed it. I am going to hit you with it!" Maria starts to cry so hard that she gasps for air. She tries to run.', 'Whhippp! "Ow! Don\'t that hurts" Maria says. "I know it hurts, that\'s the whole point!" the boy laughs. Whhhhaack! A sharp sting on her bum appears. Whhhhaackk! Maria starts screaming. She tries to get away but he is holding her arm. Out in the distance she hears "Stop it! Stop it right now!" Maria turns. Through the blurriness of her tears, she sees what appears to be an old woman with white hair. "You leave that girl alone!" the woman yells. The mean boy turns, runs down the road and yells out "See you tomorrow, loser!".', '"Oh sweetheart! Are you okay" the woman asks. Maria blubbers "Now I am, thank you." She congers up any energy she had left to walk the rest of the way home. She walks up her driveway and thinks "How am I going to hide this , this time". She walks in the door of her safe home and hears her mom welcome her home. Maria is staring at the ground, hoping her mom does not recognize her red teary face. Her mother takes her hand and rests it softly on her cheek "What\'s wrong honey" Maria starts crying again, scolding herself "Darn it. Now I am going to have to explain."', 'Maria finishes her story and her mom\'s eyes have turned as black as a crow. Her mom gets this look whenever she is angry or upset. She described to her mom the sting she felt when he hit her a couple of times on her bum. Maria\'s mom asks her to turn around. "Oh dear! This is awful. Honey, he really hurt you. You are bleeding through your jeans. How about you take them off and we will clean you up."', 'Maria, now 35, is still sitting in her car in the parking lot of her work. She shakes her head and feels nauseous. Nauseous because of the feelings she recalls her memories from when she experienced bullying as a child, and nauseous because she wonders what kind of attitudes she will endure during her shift today. She is new to her unit and can count at least 6 times she, at her current age, has had to drive home looking through the familiar blurred vision when she cries.', 'Maria wonders why she continues to experience such negative and abusive behaviour. After all, she is an outgoing intelligent person and a beautiful woman. She has worked very hard to forget about the past and develop a sense of confidence one needs to function well as a professional. Regardless, even with her polite comments and happy demeanor she continues to deal with snide remarks, yelling, and verbal assaults. Maria thinks to herself "if I can just get through the next 9 months, the rest of my contract."', 'Over the past few years, Maria learned that such bullying behaviour is not acceptable. She works hard at improving her communication, and she asks for feedback from peers and colleagues when appropriate. Maria has often been recognized for her ability to work well with others, including co-workers and patients. During nursing school, she facilitated sessions on bullying at elementary and highschools. She felt particularly passionate with that clinical rotation, and helped children share and explore their experiences.', 'Now, she finds herself feeling similar to when she was the little girl harassed by the boy. Her heart is thumping, sweat beads appearing on her forehead, and she is nauseated at the thought of entering those doors across the parking lot. "Just one day at a time" she convinces herself.
If you are a UK citizen / resident please sign the petition at http://petitions.number10.gov.uk/Justice-Bullying/ that reads :', '?We the undersigned petition the Prime Minister to instigate an open enquiry into allegations of workplace bullying / harassment in institutions of higher education and concerns about the way the judicial system has dealt with complaints about such bullying and with those who protest (publicly or otherwise) about wrongdoing by their employers; the enquiry to be conducted with a view to addressing issues of concern that it may uncover.', 'More details ', 'Workplace bullying is a widespread problem wrecking health and careers and costing billions to the taxpayer. This problem is particularly serious in higher education. A recent survey by the Universities Colleges Union showed that as few as 45.1% of the participants were fortunate enough to never experience bullying. ', 'Existing legislation addresses some aspects of workplace bullying, but does not deal with this problem comprehensively. There is also a perception that the judicial system does not always enforce the existing legislation fairly. Dissatisfaction with the way bullying is dealt with has led some to go public. ', 'In response to the handling of a recent case by the courts, many academics and others expressed their indignation about the bullying that prevails in institutions of higher education, as well as the failure of the judicial system to deal with these problems satisfactorily. Similar concerns have been voiced before.', 'In addition to the obvious non-pecuniary benefits, addressing the problem of workplace bullying will bring about substantial pecuniary benefits in the form of improvements in the economy and cost savings to the taxpayer.?', 'Please sign this petition and let others know so that they can consider signing. You are also welcome to join the Facebook group promoting the above petition. ', 'The petition can be accessed for signature at ', 'http://petitions.number10.gov.uk/Justice-Bullying/ .', 'The Facebook group ?Workplace Bullying in Higher Education? is at http://www.facebook.com/group.php?v=info&gid=295040946478.
I have been harassed at work for 2 years and 3 months, starting in earnest when I called in sick the day after a week's vacation (I really was sick). I also coincidentally reported a possible work injury around the same time. A supervisor (not mine) implied in front of the whole company that I had lied about being sick.", 'Soon after, my supervisor and some co-workers started following me to the ladies room twice daily. There were many other things that happened, such as rumors spread that I was a liar, a slacker, and finally, a nasty antisocial person (their surveillance led me to concentrate only on my work out of fear).', 'I got lots of nasty comments and looks, people not speaking to me, ridicule, etc. No one spoke to me directly about the charges against me; when I asked my supervisor, she denied everything. After 14 months, I asked to transfer to a different unit, and told the manager that I was being followed around (which he already knew). They moved me to a different unit for a couple of months, but people from the old unit continued to harass me there. Then they moved me back to the bad unit, to consolidate units.', 'At first it seemed to be better, but before too long the following and surveilling returned. And my tormentors started to manufacture more "crimes" I committed, for example they kept track of who I said hello to (and overlooked), and if I missed someone, the next day none of them would answer my hello. Lately they even turn their heads away when they pass me, but then tell everyone that I was the one who did not speak to them.', 'My supervisor "twists" things I say into offensive remarks. All this has increased lately because one impartial manager left the work area, and they can behave more freely. I have heard them joke about it, that they are working on "fixing the problem." They are trying to get me fired now by saying that I am a nasty person, etc., since their campaigns to call me a liar and slacker failed.', 'I am afraid that I will be fired soon, even though my recent performance review was "usually exceeds expectations" in terms of productivity and quality. I refuse to let them cause me to "lose it" by telling them off, but it has taken a toll on my mental health, in fear and anger. These people are crazy!', "They continue to say that I am a slacker, even after all the king's horses and men have surveilled me for 27 months and come up empty. They use cloak-and-dagger tactics, even though if they had asked me I could have produced a doctor's note saying that I had been sick during my vacation. I am afraid to do anything or say anything to anyone, for fear of making it worse for me, but I've reached the point where something needs to be done. I just don't know what that is.
Bullying or mobbing exist in the workplace because those in charge, both management and unions, nurture it. The workplace culture and it's rules have failed miserably. The workplace must value human life in meaningful ways and not just in snazzy posters.", 'Laws, labor contracts, investigation procedures, etc, have to change otherwise only superficial improvements can be made to stop office bullying.', "Working in a unionized setting I have seen appalling atrocities that destroy and end lives. The ultimate goal is to destroy, often kill the victim and send both the victim and the family through enormous life time suffering.  It's no wonder that employees go postal when day after day they hear workers telling them they are so worthless that suicide is the only option, mocking physical appearance continuously, demeaning work, spreading defamation, etc.  This is happening because management, unions, corporate boards, courts, media, etc condone it, either directly or by looking the other way. ", 'To validate bullying and protect themselves, bulliers adopt any demeaning tactic to defame, isolate and  dehumanize their victims. Honest, law abiding, long standing, hard working individuals are bombarded with bizarre and inflammatory accusations of being anything from thieves to pedophiles, no low is too low for bulliers.  The point is that once the victim is dead or declared mentally incompetent the defamation joy ride will be consequence free. The attitude is get on the wagon and suck up to your leaders like good nazis rounding up Jews for the crematorium. ', "The end goal of bullying being to cause death.  Death of self respect, career, livelihood, happiness, the victim's life and possibly other lives like those of the victim's family which the abusers see as as insignificant collateral damage of their atrocities. ", 'The key to workplace bullying success is to incorporate false accusations of criminal and or sexual misconduct.  The latter in particular gives the bulliers a teflon shield which serves to validate their atrocities.', "Acknowledging workplace bullying is a good start but nothing will change unless the protection used by bulliers is addressed. False testimony is rampant in court hearings such as the Milgard case in Canada. If courts don't get honest evidence how likely is it that co-workers, under the approving eye of their leaders, will tell the truth? Not likely. Police used polygraphs to get to the truth in the Milgard case. The extremely severe consequences of mobbing cases demand the same type of scrutiny.  ", 'Unions sold out their members by refusing to keep records of (usually secret) disciplinary hearings so accountability is completely non-existent.  ', "Bullying, along with the victim's suffering such as suicide, divorce, poverty, etc are all part of leadership's objectives. Until the rules change to hold our leaders accountable, good, but only limited improvements can be made.
I have been bullied for over 6 years now. It all started when I decided to improve my life, confidence and self esteem. First I went to the gym, changed my hair style and got a tan on holiday. Unwanted attention followed and turned into false allegations about me being homosexual because I didn't conform to peoples expectations of sleeping around with anyone thrown in my way and having affairs, which to this date, have never done. Anyway, I moved away from all this and the rumours were then passed to my new colleagues in London.", "I had enough of this and distanced myself from all these people. This wasn't enough and when I tried to move to London again these people went behind my back to get me a job and then proceeded to plant more false allegations about me personally and I left another job. This continued in every job I have had since and people have added some more onto all this.", 'I am now ill and suffering with low confidence and self-esteem which I cannot snap out of and no longer feel that I can work in this country. I have been branded a racist - FALSE, sexist - FALSE, someone who sets out to ruin other peoples lives - FALSE! My career is now finished due to these evil, nasty people who I never wanted in my life anyway.', "Any suggestions would be appreciated but, unfortunately, it has gone beyond that and I am resigned to an unhappy life in the country where I as born and worked extremely hard in. The only way I see this poison being stopped is to move abroad and live a new life away from this hell. Unfortunately, I am not financially affluent and this maybe impossible. I cannot prove this and don't want this kind of trouble but I've lost everything and have had enough.
I have worked in a business office with two older women.  One of these is a bully who seems to hate me for whatever reason.  She is constantly saying unkind things about me, running me down to other people.  She has turned a lot of people against me.
I was a victim of bullying. My name is Judy and I am one of four children, two brothers and another sister. Bullying is like stress, the acts or symptoms are worse than they sound and if you become a victim of either one, you need to be careful it doesn't make you very sick, or almost kill you! I was a victim of bullying and it ended with my going through a very stressful period which almost cost me my life.", "Stricter laws need to be put in place against bullying. I am now thirty years old. I don't work and doubt I will ever work again. I have been diagnosed with a severe depressive disorder and anxiety. In my last company the two supervisors I had even, went against me all because of a male colleague they thought liked me. I have experienced hate, abuse, and being teased for not meeting the standards of other girls in my department, whether it be work related or personal.", 'I then, tracked down my father who had divorced my mother years earlier and both of us together filed a complaint against the last company I was getting mistreated in. I successfully sued and now although I would need help if ever I want to work again, I have enough money to keep me afloat for the rest of my life. To all those that have been bullied, I suggest doing the same. You may or may not be able to get a parent or parents to help, but do seek legal assistance, because bullying, and any other form of abuse in the workplace is actually against the law.
I current speak professionally and train on workplace bullying.  I have seen terrible workplace bullying and have even been on the receiving end.', 'I witnessed one staff member being threatened about his performance review, by a manager who wasn\'t his manager, all over the purchasing of a kettle.  This staff member had my permission to buy a kettle, however the Finance Manager had apparently quietly told him not to.  The Finance Manager did not have any staff.  My staff member bought the kettle.  Apparently he was then ambushed when he was dealing with customers and the Finance Manager came over, in front of the customers and said "How dare you disobey me!"  and more of the same.  This was so embarrassing and humiliating for the staff member.  He was then threatened three more times that day with "Just remember I have a say on your performance appraisal" and "I am watching you".', 'When all this came to my attention, I raised this with the CEO, who minimised everything by saying "Oh she (Finance Manager) is too long in the tooth to change".  I then persisted saying that I would encourage the affected staff member to lay an official complaint and would be following the process.', 'The next day the CEO dealt with the behaviour and a formal disciplinary process was started against the Finance Manager.', 'But why does it take so much?  Workplace bullying is too often minimised with "it\'s just tough management" or "harden up".  Enough is Enough!', "The 'Marbles' Expert", 'www.lindaguirey.co.nz
Bullying can make you sick! I can't work at all. I have to accept my life may never be the same again. Every aspect of my life has been affected. As well as impacting on my finances I am now dependant (albeit partially) on my aging mother who is not well herself. I need help with all my activities of daily living. My illness effects the cloths I wear, my social life, intimacy - basically my capacity to enjoy life as I have ceased to become the light and bubbly people person who loves to dance and have become the person who can't walk far and needs to rest a lot. Once very active I now have to balance my activities so I don't overtax myself. It has set me up to appear lazy and unsociable - the opposite to who I really am.", "Because of my workplace I have suffered the effects of Adrenal exhaustion. Noteworthy of this is that you cannot live without your adrenals. If your adrenal glands cease to function you die. I have stage 3 adrenal exhaustion. There is not stage 4. It's death.", 'So how did this happen? I bought the organisational speil that policies and procedure were the rules that both worker and organisation work by. Wrong. Because when push came to shove I was the one to get shoved out the door and denied what policy and procedure had assured me.', '3 years ago I was the new girl on the block with a lifetime of experience yet to be gleened by my workmates. However my manager, more interested in pleasing her superiors than doing the right thing by her staff, employed me as a cost saving bandaid to a festering gaping wound that was a department at odds with one another. The staff were unhappy and rightly so. Their needs were being ignored and it caused them to turn on each other.', 'The eternal peacemaker, I consistantly took the passive approach. I looked at it as a test of time and that they would eventually see my gifts and talents and accept me. I got on with everyone except some senior staff members who were masters at the art of bullying. I eventually went to the manager about being singled out. Again and again she said she would handle it but the incidences seemed to escalate in propensity. Long story short, my manager used these bullies to try and make me leave my job by making me look like the bad egg. Others were influenced by the negative attitude being directed toward me and I was openly ostracised in front of clients, excluded from opportunities of learning and undervalued my input.', "The stress indicators - like being withdrawn, confused under pressure and having to take regular sick leave added to the negativity surrounding my employment there. I was emotionally and psychologically drained. Then I sustained an injury that affected my physical capacity. On my return from leave I was openly treated as a nuisance because I was on 50% workload. Gradually my workload was increased to include the workload of someone else who had left and hadn't been replaced - another cost cutting measure by the organisation. I finally broke down. From that moment I was cut off from my work society. I didn't hear from anyone from work for several months. When I did I was told that workers were warned not to contact me, my manager forcing some to make a statement that she did not tolerate bullying in the workplace!", "The insurance company's aim is to place me back into this workplace before I am signed off from WorkCover. There has been no dialogue with me - no indication that changes to the system or further education on prevention of bullying have been implemented to prevent further 'injury' to me or other workers. My worker's comp payments have now stopped - a direct ploy to make me go back to work without my doctor's authority. I will have to access my superannuation to pay the lawyers to defend me. I really don't know where this is going but I may become the first person to die in the workplace due to adrenal failure! Will anyone care?!!
1. When starting in a job and it doesn't matter if you are twenty five or forty five years old, always carry a diary with you and keep a note of things that happen and matter to you.", '2. Always put on a friendly face, but be wary of people as well. Anyone who comes across too friendly and begins asking you questions about your life may have an ulterior motive.', "3. Listen to your inner gut feeling. If you don't know how to do this, take a course outside of work, to help you tune in to what feels right and what feels wrong as these are warning signs. By listening to your body and its responses it may save you from making terrible mistakes and suffering serious injuries later on. ", '4. If you have no confidence or self esteem do a self improvement course outside company hours and keep it to yourself. This will help you assert yourself and communicate in a professional manner when and if necessary.', '5. People may disagree with this one, but if you need counseling for various reasons, try going private before accepting counseling from the company you work for. It may be more expensive but you can be certain it will never be used against you for whatever reasons.', "6. Get a union behind you. If your company doesn't have one, then join a private one. Unions are always a good backup.", "7. Learn about the law and get a good understanding of what your rights are and where you can go if you need help in something. Don't be afraid to seek assistance, especially if you are being bullied at work.", '8. Never degrade, or speak negative about the company that you work for. Not only are they paying you to put food on the table, but one day you will need them for a reference.', "9. Always respect the chain of command. If you have an issue that needs addressing, take it up with your immediate supervisor or boss and only go one level higher if that person doesn't listen or care. Never head straight to the top without giving others a chance to discuss the matter as it can back fire on you later on.", '10. Get a good understanding of mediation processes, especially if your matter leads to one for discussion.', '11. Always ask questions if you do not understand something and if you need more training in a job, you ask to have it. This is your right!', "12. Never walk out of a company and never just resign. If it's something or someone that has hurt you, you must speak up and face it. You must tell someone and never just walk away, as you may later regret it.", '13. Always ask for feedback regarding your performance and jot it down. This is very important to keep as support of your accomplishments, especially if someone has it in for you.', '14. Keep your private life to yourself, even if you think you have found the best friend ever to work with, because if you have a fall out, secrets also come out and you could find yourself in a very bad position.', '15. Try and avoid people that are negative thinkers and talkers. These types (unless they change their ways of thinking) do not get far in life and often have deeper problems, usually not work related, which you will never know about or want to involve yourself in. These types of people can be draining and may even stop you from getting ahead. You need a clear mind to meet challengers so try and avoid these types.', '16.\t Try and remain positive, have an open mind and be willing to learn.', '17.\t Report any offensive material on your computer, or sent to your phone or given to you in paper form, even if the person is later apologetic. If you just accept an apology from the person responsible, he/she may do the same thing to someone else and if that person reports it, you may be involved in the problem for not reporting it, when it was sent to you.', "18. If you do not feel well, take action, that is why doctors are with us. If you are over stressed it can do a lot of damage to your health. Seek assistance as soon as possible and don't ignore the symptoms or assume they will just go away in time.", "19. Do not make work your life! In a computer generated world, things are changing at a rapid pace! Today you have a job, but in five years time things can change for you. Get some balance in your life for example, if you are single and don't have children take up an activity that you enjoy, or join a gym. Work, Life and balance.", "20. Never let anyone put you down. Any work colleague that says anything to you or behind your back, that offends and/or upsets you, must not be bottled up, but reported! Again it doesn't matter if you are twenty five or forty five years old, because every individual has rights and one of those is the right to earn a living.", 'Good luck!!!
There is plenty of publicity in the form of articles, books, websites, blogs, that document the fact that workplace bullying is a serious problem.  These publications offer some suggestions on how to lessen or mitigate the impact of the problem, however they do not offer a satisfactory solution.  ', 'Speaking from my own experience and that of others, I realised that what is needed is far more radical than what is currently available.  New laws, new procedures and drastic changes in management attitude and accountability are needed.  This requires the involvement and commitment of politicians and lawmakers.  They in turn can be motivated to act by the people they represent.', 'Take action against workplace bullying.  Canvas your political representatives.  There are petitions available through the internet. Find live petitions against workplace bullying and sign them. Alternatively submit your own petition.', 'If you are a UK citizen or resident, there are presently (Feb 2010) 2 live petitions against workplace bullying.  The addresses are shown below.  Please sign them and SPREAD THE WORD.', 'http://petitions.number10.gov.uk/09Bullying/', 'http://petitions.number10.gov.uk/Justice-Bullying/
When I first started my job at a hospital I really had a hard time with my boss. She was very mean and I just kept on working. Although it was hard, and I came home crying everyday. I was not going to let this person intimidate me. AND WITH IN TIME SHE WAS DEMOTED. And now I am her boss. Boy how things turn around.', 'Now this happened over a 1 and a half years. Now I will tell you, I am not the bully that she was and is, but there is still a fine line with the click of her and my boss. This is not really a good thing. I do not fit in and I still have my days of crying. This old boss of mine is now talking bad things about me and I will make her look bad at the end, because I am a fair person and all I have to do is be my self.', "I do have a bigger boss that is awesome. She sees the work that I do and she lets me know every now and then. But still not sure of anyone there. But GOD is on my side. It would be a great thing if people would just be kind to each other and let people live a good life. Why don't we just try it for a change. We are all living in the same world. So just be nice to each other. I hope a bully is reading this and will start being nice and regretful for the past. LOL
Hi, I have finally realized that I am since years being mobbed at my workplace from my own manager. As I am very successful in my department, whenever I succeed he makes sure to switch my work with something more boring. Besides that he tries to convince me not to work the way I do (even though I am told from other management that I am the sample employee). Now its hit the top, it gets worse by week... bad comment etc etc. anyone can give me a good advice?
I truly understand what the person is going through, a co worker and I are experiencing the affects of bullying. I talked with a counselor before I could put a name to what was happening. I felt violated whenever in the presence of the person, but couldn't really put my finger on the problem.", "The person invades my space, does not respect my personal boundaries or anyone's. Always has to have control, is always right. Screams, stares, isolates. She is truly using psychological warfare. I just filed a complaint through management and have been separated from the bully, we are waiting to see what happens. I do worry for my safety and my property.
I work as a Secretary for a City Council in Scotland. There are 4 secretaries that share an office, 2 of which were there for 2 years before me and another colleague started. The one that sits to my left, (the bully\'s name removed), started niggling me, ie asking what I\'m doing, who was I on the phone to, even though we are the same grade seemed to be monitoring me. I am 37 years old and a very experienced secretary and this woman is 50, so we aren\'t exactly young girls. This niggling soon became shouting at me, belittling me, undermining me by speaking over me when I was speaking to someone, interrupting me on the phone etc etc. She accused me of having a dirty house, made snide comments about me being single and childless by saying "at least Leanne is young enough to change her mind", saying I should have a breast reduction because I look obscene, although we all wear the same corporate uniform. My colleague, the one who started at the same time as me, told me she had spoken to her when I was on holiday and told her that the way she speaks to me makes her squirm, by telling her she\'s nosey and cheeky. After a particularly nasty incident I told her that if she ever spoke to me like that again, I would take a Grievance out against her.', "I was off sick as my mum had an accident and I had to take care of her when she came out of hospital in January. I was only off a week, but was finding it very stressful as I had to live with Mum while she recuperated at home. My mum broke her hip and couldn't walk unaided, so I very much did everything.", 'We were working together one day, just the 2 of us, and I was speaking to a colleague in another office. (the bully) complained about me being away from my desk and proceeded to shout at me about where had I been. She then went and made a complaint to our Line Manager who was new in position and had never managed anyone before.', "The Line Manager then asked my other 2 colleagues to go and speak to her, and then she went to other offices to ask if anyone had any issues with me. She then went and spoke to my boss who was new to ask how they got on with me. My Line Manager then asked me to her office and told me about all these complaints which ranged from taking longer than my allocated time at lunch, being rude to people on the phone, throwing my arms in the air as if I couldn't cope with work.", 'This has gone on since February 2009 and my Line Manager is still monitoring me. She has now come up with a Workplan and is questioning my Capability. My Line Manager says it is informal and should finish by 31 December 2009, the anniversary of my Dad\'s death, which I reminded her about and she laughed and said "Go go out and get drunk afterwards."  Nothing has been mentioned about it since.  She told me last week it had been dismissed but more was to come.', 'I spoke to the person who they allege I had been rude to (she\'s a Police Detective Sergeant) and she doesn\'t know what they are talking about and is very angry about being involved. I told my Line Manager that I was throwing my arms in the air imitating Miss Piggy in the Muppets, it was just a joke, and that I took longer at lunchtime as I had been asked to arrange an impromptu meeting making me have to re-heat my lunch. I said to my Line Manager that these accusations are false and I feel that I can\'t win and she smirked "Yes that\'s right, you can\'t win".', "I have been advised by a friend who works in HR to keep a diary on my colleagues and I've got dates and times of when they have left the office for 2 hours when they are supposed to have 1/2 an hour; one colleague regularly taking 5 or 6 calls on her mobile phone and texts but nothing is said. My colleague (the bully) said if I used my mobile phone that much she would complain about me.", "I've caught my colleagues talking about me in the kitchen, giggling about me on the phone, stopped talking 3 times in one day when I walked into the office. They go on nights out and don't invite me, they discuss family and tv and if I try and join in they stop talking.", "I went to see my GP and told him that recently I was waking up during the night and it felt like I was waking suddenly and unable to breathe and I start to cough, as if I'm gulping for air. It can feel frightening at times and can happen as much as three times a week. He said these are Anxiety Attacks and that I have to be careful as it can lead to Depression. He said that I should ignore my colleagues and leave them to their own devices and also should try and get away from the office at lunchtime and also to exercise as it promotes a feeling of wellbeing. He also said that GP's are seeing more of the same thing every week.", "I am 37 years old and live alone in my own house with a mortgage, I can't afford to resign, especially in this current climate.  I have 14 years service and don't want to lose out.", "Can anyone advise me? Sorry it's long winded, but I am stressed and it is affecting all other areas of my life.
I was working for a Professor for a few years, he was and still is a bully. The first thing that he constantly did was to keep me until 12 midnight after starting work in the morning at 9am without pay. In March 2009 he stood at the office door roaring about staying late to get in animals from Dublin Airport, roaring abuse at me constantly and never leaving me alone.', "Then later on that week he abused another Prof. saying could you get out of this meeting, you don't know what you are talking about. When it came to May that year at approx 8pm that night he came into the office and took away all my disks, broke into my personal emails and read them, called security from Estates in the Univ. and I was personally brought out of the Univ.", 'I came into work the next day only to discover that the locks were changed on the office door and unable to get in. After a few days however I managed to get in. In June however he let me go and out of work since.', "This man is 65 years of age and previously suspended from Imperial College, wouldn't sign contracts for any of his members of staff, however, he took a temp in saying that my Grade 3 was no longer there and a new position created which all staff knows it is incorrect. He promoted 3 staff, one of them had handed in his notice but HR stepped in and went against their own policies and procedures and kept him on while other staff remain on the shelf.", 'When I was let go I was given 2 weeks notice, no holiday pay or a word of thanks for all the time that I gave to this Prof. even though he got in 24million grant from the PRTLI4 which mainly was used up by overseas internationals, it did not benefit any Irish as such. What this money did was to bring a lot of infriction to the workplace and why does the HEA allow this go on.', 'End of the story was that the case went to SIPTU where I will be getting holiday pay, some overtime pay and redundancy pay - even though my job was never made redundant in the first place. A lesson to be learned when you work for this Prof. in a University.
It is interesting to know, that people who get bullied or injured in some other way, are usually people that possess one, some or all of the following attributes:  ', 'Are often attractive with beautiful features.', 'Have a good figure. Excellent fashion taste.', 'Are humorous, loving, funny, warm personalities.', 'Are noticed. Stand out from a crowd.', 'Have a positive and loving aura.', 'Are caring, conscientious and very friendly.', 'Love life and all it can bring.', 'Work hard and have so much to offer an employer.', 'Are great team players and popular with work mates.', 'Have a beautiful look about them and/or their behaviour.', 'Are warm hearted and make lots of friends easily.', 'Are decent, and honest.', 'Are clean and have morals.', 'Have the ability to make a positive difference in the world.', 'Are not corrupt minded and have no bad blood in them whatsoever.', 'Are looked up at and respected without trying to impress.', 'Are sensitive, shy, self conscious, and loyal.', 'Are caring and can communicate with ease.', 'Are unique and see the world with possibilities.', 'Are intelligent, analytical, understanding and observant.', 'Always look good and hardly age.', 'Are great team players which can make a positive difference in a work place.', "Only 1% to 5% percent of people in the world carrying some, most or all of these qualities, so imagine those who don't even have one. Bullies are individuals that lack some or all of above and for revenge lash out at those that have them. Once victims realise what makes them tick they can then understand what makes them also a target. Once victims overcome the hurdles, they can move mountains with their minds, and are the reason behind a good earth. Bullies on the other hand, besides looking for more targets, often can't understand the purpose of their own existence.
Hi,', 'I have been reading a lot about bullying lately and recognizing the patterns that I have experienced over the years. However, I never worked in an office or corporate environment, but in beauty salons renting a booth - self-employed.', "I have a question - I am a little confused. I feel that  I have been bullied over the years, but most of the time it was from passive-aggressive types. Nice to my face and behind my back they would gossip or play jokes. I haven't found a lot of stories about practical jokes or work station sabotage. That is mostly what I suffered through. It was demoralizing, and intimidating, not to mention hurtful and making me angry. Also the gossip was destructive, which eroded my confidence and trust. I would try to be nice and friendly which seemed to invite it more. But does that constitute bullying or just rude behavior?", 'Has anyone experienced a lot of this, or is bullying more about threats?', "I can relate to all the material I am reading on this site and others and books, like The Bully at Work, by the Namies, but I  haven't found a lot of references to tricks, jokes or gossip. I put up with this stuff at the last 2 salons I have  worked at and it has depressed me so much and am too reluctant to return to work now. I feel like it will happen again and I feel like I must trigger it to happen. I am self-conscious and a little paranoid now which is only going to make it worse. I feel like I am doing something wrong. Unbelievable to go through this at 49 years - you'd think I was 5. ", "Anyway should I call this bullying or am I on the wrong track here ?... I have read other people's stories and a lot of what others have gone through sounds worse - like  overt and aggressive bosses threatening  office workers or direct confrontational belittling - that didn't happen to me.", 'Thanks for any input.
My boss' 2nd in command is married to my bully. She seems to think that her way is the only way and has made it perfectly clear that I must be stupid because I don't teach like her. Therefore, no one should think I can do it?", "Before her husband became the assistant, I was teaching everywhere and students were learning but now she has decided that anyone can teach the math that we require and so I must be able to do that as I am stupid. Now I only teach the math and have to fight to be recoqnised. And I have been informed that the scheduling people are going around asking people if they will work with me and making sure that others know that most won't. She has a group that has taken her attitude as well and life at work is getting more and more miserable everyday.", 'I have no one to talk to because I feel that by going to the boss I will achieve nothing because she is so close to his right hand man.', 'I really need some ideas on how to handle this; because I need this job.
I don't have a dramatic story. Off and on, all my life I have been bullied a little by a few domineering people. I found it hard to stick up for myself which made things worse. I always thought that when I got out of school that it would end.", 'But in the work place it happened more. At first when I was young and inexperienced I was left alone. But over time as my skills in floral design and then in manicuring grew, I started to experience problems with a few people again in various beauty salons. I blamed myself for being too serious, or dedicated to work, or something, anything I was doing to provoke people. Great depression and loss of confidence resulted. I further and further isolated myself socially and even with family, feeling that no one likes me really.', 'A few years ago I tried to break away from doing nails or flowers and went to a class for veterinarian tech training.  I did well in class, absolutely loved the work, and the animals. Was told I was a "natural". But when I got a job at the local veterinarian clinic in my town, I was immediately singled out and bullied  by almost all of the girls there. They hated me on first sight. It was a very toxic atmosphere. They laughed at me for having any tenderness for the animals. I only lasted for 3 days there. I was heart-broken -- I love doing that kind of work and I know I can be very good at it, but am too scared and scarred to go back there. It is the only vet clinic in this town to work at. That traumatized me horribly.', "I went back to doing nails in salons. It was ok, but I didn't want to. I got bullied again, a little bit by a few people, further eroding my self-respect and any trust in people which is a torment. Now I have quit and only do nails for a few of my favorite customers in my home. But I am bored and lonely, but too scared to follow my dreams. I always wanted to be a vet or a nurse, as I am good in all things medical, but I don't have the confidence to do it. There will just be more bullies around, which I do not feel up to dealing with.", "I am almost 50 years old now and can't believe that I cannot handle myself with confidence or poise. I never thought that I would be like this. And I have been brave and tough in my life with other things, but somehow I cannot handle bullies, and they know it.
2005. I joined a big Telco company as a contractor. Before 6 months they offered me a perm position that I accepted gratefully. My reputation of reliable, strong, capable project manager, and my technical knowledge was unquestionable. I did not develop profound, personal friendship, but my sense of humor, and my social skills allowed me to get to know many, many people at all levels, that would ask me for recipes, soccer games for kids, books, shoe deals, to help with work when they found themselves new, shy, or simply not fluent with the task assigned.', '2006. My peer was promoted and became my boss. We were what I consider \'work-friends\'. I thought I was a very lucky individual... I helped her to form a new team (we hired 7 contractors) I back her up in multiple instances, and I continue my successful career, which by the way was becoming recognized by the very upper management team. However, after 7 months, I suddenly became a person of no trust; according to my boss I turned suspicious, with a hidden agenda, angry, and more. The accusations were subtle ("I am trying to help you with your problem") but escalating quickly.', "I was finally given a warning from my supervisor and put me on probation. I was accused of having an anger problem, and forced to take an Anger Management course. I had to discuss with her what I was learning on a daily basis on that class, and sharing with her what I was going to do to 'overcome' my anger. In addition I was also accused of avoiding her contact because my corporate phone broke, and before receiving the new one I did not call on my way back from the dentist. I was also accused of stepping on the floor to strongly while walking, dressing up to show of to the rest of the company, and not following rules. etc. A disciplinary file was opened against me. In early Feb 2007 I left the company.", 'It took me 6 months of heavy therapy and medication to be able to drive in around the former office area without having a panic attack. ', 'Late 2008. I was employed since mid 2007 and working on different projects abroad. Family illness brought me back to USA. My new company happened to be parter in business with my former one, and I was offered a position on that account. Due to the past issues, I requested previous verification that my return to their premises was not going to be an issue for anyone (former and new ones). I was cleared of any obstacles and started back. In less than 3 months reputation as an exceptional professional grew very quickly and I was promoted in November 2009. 3 weeks later, my former company contacted my HR department requesting an immediate release of my consulting services with them. They reviewed my profile and it was decided I was not suitable to work there as a consultant (of course neither as an employee).', "I am back to therapy. I thought I was 'cured', but I found myself back to the same dark hole. Only this time is much, much deeper.
I starting dating a man whom at the time seemed perfectly okay. Unbeknown to me this man knew some of my work colleagues and instead of telling me decided to play a horrible game... he gained my trust and confidence then behind my back was laughing at me cruely making fun of me with my work colleagues.', "I became suspicious when events and private details started to leak into work when the girls began to indirectly taunt me... I knew it was him immediately as I hadn't told a soul only him. I confronted him with this and instead of owning up he tried to manipulate the situation. In my weakest moment he knew I was vulnerable and exploited it.", 'He began to create a situation known as gaslighting. This is when someone makes you doubt your memories, your perceptions, what you seen what you heard. He did this soo subtly he made me believe I was losing my mind and he was going to help me. He took away my sense of self, trust in my instincts and I started to rely on him to replace the reality he took away... and all of this to get off with what he did, to protect himself and bullies from my work.', "I was taking panic attacks going into work as I was unsure what was happening. I cried to him that I was ill and needed to go to the Dr., he had manipulated me so much into believing I would lose my job if I went to the Dr., then my house and I would then lose everything... although I was being bullied and didn't want to be in my employment I needed my job.", "My behaviour became more and more erratic and I was becoming more and more paranoid. I was making all sorts of excuses to my bosses for time off work and illnesses that didn't exist it was awful. I felt as though my life was balancing on a thread. Eventually I broke down as there was no escape my working life and my personal life had been effected by this man. I couldn't get away from it.", 'I developed ', ". I was in a heightened state of anxiety constantly. I was so confused that's what he did. I began to see through what he was doing and went to my family but although I knew what happened I couldn't articulate it properly. It was coming out as bits and pieces of a story. My family thought I had a breakdown.", "I lost my job. I tried to kill myself because no one believed me. My employment and this man made it out to people I was just mad to cover up what happened. Through research I have realised that I had been suffering PTSD due to the bullying and gaslighting. I am not the same person. My life is ruined. I don't know how to get back to who I was. I don't know how to get rid of the anxiety and paranoia. I can't function the way I used to. I feel soo much pain I cry and cry all the time. I can't cope.", "Can anyone help me who have been through this... I feel I didn't get justice and I need to prove I wasn't mad... I get angry that I can't even remember who I was before this happened. Please someone give me advice. I just want my life back. I only want to be the person I was before and can't remember.
In my last story, I had just moved to another shop. This one was booth rental too. The owner of the shop was the bully this time and the other 5 girls were in her clique or something. I am kind of  a quiet person at first, I still like to laugh and joke with my customers since I have known them for a while.', "My boss always made an effort each day to try to embarrass me on the floor in front of customers and everyone. If you didn't wear expensive clothes or shoes you were out of the group or something. What you really needed were shoes for walking on eggshells. I stayed there for a year, I thought this can't be happening again.", 'One day a threat was directed at me on the floor and my mom was there in my chair at the time. It was kind of hidden but she heard it to. I was glad someone else noticed too because I was blaming myself. This time it was more verbal abuse and the last job was more hidden, but was there still. I felt shame from this job, like I was the problem.', "Well anyways I am not working there, I am doing hair on the side. I have lost some clients, but not walking on eggshells is great! I don't know how this happened again to me.
I was bullied for about 8 years at work. I ended up with a drink problem went into rehab and am now in recovery. It took me a long time to realise that my manager was bullying me (work dumping, spreading dirt, etc), because I am not a victim type of person. I was held to hostage by my old fashioned idea that one should work hard and do as your boss says. A useless lesson my father drummed into me.', "Other people in the department always said what a nice guy he was. He was indeed very nice (a 'crawler') to his superiors. ", "I went back to work after rehab, and ended up working for the same guy. I held him at bay using assertiveness techniques but he hadn't changed. He retired last week. Early in the week I told him that I wanted a word with him and took him to a quiet area. I tried to explain, calmly and assertively that I was unhappy about his behaviour. I fluffed my words a bit, not finding it easy. He said it was my own fault and a sneering mocking expression came over his face. I said (quote):", '"You think this is funny? You\'re lucky we\'re not discussing this in the car park right now or I\'d be kicking your f*****g ass, you c**t!.... Any time you want." I don\'t know where it came from, deep anger inside I suppose. I left him there pale and shaking. When he came back, he told his boss he didn\'t feel very well, picked up his coat and walked out sobbing. He was crawling around me all week after that. I gave the sorry loser nothing but contempt and disdain.', 'However, I had failed to remain assertive, threats like this are technically illegal. It goes against the perceived wisdom, but it did me a lot of good to see him as he really was, a weak and pathetic individual, as they generally are underneath. This is how you regard your bully.', 'My experience with going through the proper procedures is that the managers/HR like to put it down to say, a personality clash, which I would not accept as it gets them off the hook.', 'Word got around and now nobody gives me any hassle around the place. You are not necessarily weak if you are bullied, just maybe not as crafty as your colleagues who are generally just relieved that they are not the target. I dare say that I could probably throw my weight around now, but it would give me no pleasure. I am not a bully.
I have been working at a company for 22 years, see Quality Managers, come and go. About five years ago, a new boss came in. Thirty days later, it was time for my for my yearly review. Wow, he doesn't know anything about me. He's now going to give me my review! He said he had been watching me and I didn't know what the hell I was doing, made too much money, and Jim (name changed) wanted me out of here.", "I was flabbergasted. I said if Jim wanted me out of here, he should let me go and I would accept it. I then thought that something was terribly wrong.  He has had me suspended for insubordination, constantly threatens us with being written up or fired. Cameras were installed for stealing purposes, but he reviews them on a regular basis and threatens us with whatever he sees but will never tell us what it is he wants us to correct. I am also the company trainer. He will approach me and start arguing about an interpretation and when I don't agree with him, he says he will call my school and has never come back to tell me I'm wrong.", 'It was my review again last week and he said he had given me a position at last review (not true) and I failed to take on that responsibility. He had hired another trainer and would not relieve me as the company trainer as of yet. No raise was given and I asked for a copy of my review.
After years of enduring chronic bullying by a volunteer whose skills we desperately need for our nonprofit organization, I came up with a solution that seems to be working. It has not been easy. And it certainly may not help everyone, but I want to share it for anyone who might find it useful.', 'This male has a mental illness which only compounded the intense bullying on some days. (I noticed that foods and beverages with high fructose seemed to trigger him.) But after much hard work, I learned to desensitize myself from his attacks. I would "go numb," as it were, so he could not push a hot button.', 'Then one day I blurted out, "You know, your bullying is simply boring me. I wish you\'d come up with some new attacks as I\'ve heard all these before. You are boring me to death."', 'He looked at me with a stunned look and immediately stopped!', 'Now I use it routinely when he starts in, but sometimes he now even stops himself and says "I guess I am boring you again?"', 'He is becoming a bit more clever and still tries to get to me, but I simply get up now and walk out of the room and explain, "Your bullying is boring me. I am going for a walk. When I return I hope you have something new to say." It works every time!
I\'ll try to make this as short as possible. A few months ago, some people got transferred to our department where I worked. They where not part of our group but we had to share a small room. One of them was this older guy who had a reputation for being a "quite guy" who wouldn\'t talk to nobody. He always had this weird sounding cough which bothered one of my other coworkers but not me. However, he came in sick for about 3 days and when he coughed he would do it directly towards me and he didn\'t cover his mouth. I got a bit scared since I didn\'t want to catch what he had and told my then supervisor, "Can I tell him to please cover his mouth when he does it?" Well, the next day I decided not to tell him anything, but someone, not sure if it was one of his coworkers or my supervisor told his supervisor had told him.', 'So that\'s when he started to follow me to the bathroom every time I went. If I got up to do something he would get up at the same speed and walk towards me "to do something". Every time I was not looking at my monitor he would then cough REALLY hard and loud and again towards me. In the bathroom he would go to the toilet next to where I was and kick the one next to me or just stand there silently and not do anything. I was told by someone in my department "don\'t confront him cuz he can use what you say against you". Big mistake I should have confronted him. This happened a few months.', "One day my supervisor told me that she wanted to order some wall divisions but that the Union would then want to know why, so she or upper management decided to put some cardboard boxes between me and him and told people, that they where there because I was cold - the funny thing is, it was VERY cold there but the boxes didn't helped too much. It got WORSE. Two of his co-workers decided to watch me and every time I looked at my phone or talked to one of my coworkers they would not stop coughing. When they could do it, I thought that they where going to get me in trouble with my boss but that was my mistake.", 'He got even worse coughing LOUDER, slamming his drawers, if I was eating he would start making these weird sounds along with the usual, since he knew why the boxes where put there, but he told people he didn\'t know and that I was that put them there "just because he coughed occasionally" Right. Even thu it was management that put them there. Again, he would follow me to the bathroom sometimes now or he would be "walking" by the entrance waiting for me so that we would "meet by accident". ', "One day, I finally told my supervisor all that was happening after the boxes where put there. His supervisor finally decided to move him, but then the other people on his side got worse. And one of my co-workers told them why the boxes where really there. So now, they would start coughing the entire day non-stop but only when I was in the room. I decided to apply for another floor but the people there where already waiting for me. And this coworker knew this and didn't tell me. I wanted my old job back but it was not possible.", 'I then got transferred to ANOTHER floor recently and now the people there are targeting me with the same "joke". I overheard one say, "just because they coughed?" I have no idea what they are telling people that I did but this is really getting to me. Right now, in this position, work goes missing from my files and I am given the hardest work to do. I was not properly trained, it seems management there heard the story - again their side - and just don\'t care if I do my job or not. I can\'t quit my job because I am drowning in debt and will loose my health coverage.', 'The only reason why I think these people hate me so much it\'s because I am gay and probably made this a part of hatred. I once heard one of the ladies say twice "batty" as in "batty boy" under her breath when I passed by her and one this new floor I work in, one guy said "dumb faggot". There was also a this guy that also worked with them and some times I seen him at the lobby talking to many people on different floors about me. He even was on that floor I got transferred to first talking to the people there and said to me, "you ok buddy?". ', 'The only advise people have given me is "don\'t quit until you find another job, and ignore them" But picture this, 5 or 8 people coughing LOUD the WHOLE day but only when you are around them, then laughing as you walk away. My new co-workers also don\'t talk to me unless I say something to them and even when they do, they don\'t look at me in the eye. Please give me some advise. I\'m even seeing a therapist but she also told me "well, as annoying that is, that is their desk and work space and you can\'t say what they can or can\'t do" So, am I the problem here? I don\'t know what I did to these people or this guy.
From the day I started my job in a government agency I was never really welcomed or included by the existing team members. But I didnt make a thing of it. I loved my job, and was happy. But I noticed that this existing small team isolated and gossiped about an older lady on our team. Then after 2-3 months they turned on me and I became the target. I was subjected to rudeness, isolation and indifference for almost 3 years.', "I was verbally attacked and abused in front of staff by a male on my team. It was very degrading. He said dreadful things and I knew he had been the cause of my worries for all those months since I started. I spoke to my supervisor, and manager. But my concerns went unnoticed and ignored. I am a quiet natured, happy person and would not upset a soul. Any of my requests for training or personal betterment in the workplace were ignored, pushed aside. I didn't understand why this was happening to me.", "The older lady in my section who had been subjected to this for 2 years told me she had felt suicidal. I now felt the same. I wanted to die to stop the hurt. She was my support at work. One particlaur female and the male were the instigators and would 'backstab' me, making derogatory comments to other employees about me. I raised these concerns directly with my manager but things got incredibly worse. I even mentioned this to the GENERAL manager when he asked me himself, and I felt good I'd finally said how I'd been feeling. However little did I realise by this time, that those few people had already 'pointed the finger' to blame me for partcular incidents in the workplace.", "The general manager didn't care one iota about me. Some months later to my horror I was advised by my manager that I was being 'investigated' for these incidents and making written complaints about these people, apparently I was harassing them. I was absolutely mortified. I said I certainly did not harass them or anyone else. I keep myself to myself and did not understand WHY this was continuing. What did I do to deserve this? I was extremely distressed.", 'I was absolutley devastated. The manager told me I would be dismissed if it was discovered I had harassed them. I could not believe it. IT WAS ME BEING HARASSED AND VICTIMISED. THIS LITTLE GROUP OF PEOPLE WERE NOT GOING TO STOP TILL THEY GOT RID OF ME. But not one manager came to my aide, or asked me any questions or discussed the accusations, or showed any concern about my wellbeing or came to discuss with me. I was left alone. I was told NOT to discuss this with anyone. I felt incredibly alone but I wanted to show them I had nothing to hide, I was a good employee and kind person. I continued to go to work. My health suffered badly as I was now subjected to a lot of stress and worry.', 'Depression, my hair fell out, coughing blood, tremors, developed an ulcer. The fingers all pointed at me for "harassing" these people when I never ever did anything to upset anyone. I was popular in my job, and got along well with everyone and was a very loyal worker. My other colleagues never had good opinions of this particualr group and general comments made to me was the "bullying group" was threatened by me. Jealous. I didnt understand that because we are all equal I thought. Sure we are all different but I put aside the verbal attack and the spitefulness I received and kept my head held high. It was not easy. I believed they were trying scare tactics now to oust me, and that they\'d "brainwashed" management into thinking "she did it". I knew it was a "power" thing for them to do this to me, they attacked my character and made me out to be an evil sneaky person.', 'I kept to myself and minded my business, remained professional towards all staff - but in the end they dismissed me. No discussions, counselling, warnings - nothing. I was devastated. I was not even allowed to call my husband to get me, I had to leave immediately. You would have thought I\'d stolen money, or murdered someone. This was a WITCHHUNT from the start all because of 4 horrible people and their idle gossip, nasty innuendoes and finger pointing. The General Manager himslef clearly was on a campaign to prove "their system DOES really work" so I always felt I was being made an example of.', 'There was no proof who wrote any complaints. I had supsicions but I would never say. However one woman in this little "bullying\' group accused me of writing to her home and that I must have stalked her. I could not believe my ears or eyes. I saw the letter she received and in fact it seemed a kindly letter. Someone showing concern for her. But from someone who knew her family and husband. I knew nothing much about her personal life, but she wrote a complaint blaming me. Stating I was psychotic, mentally unstable, etc etc. It was highly defamatory. I was devastated to read that. She and I had always got along well. Or so I thought. There was only ever 2 obvious troublemakers SABOUTEURS as I call them. But she contrived things that never occurred. But there I was, now out of a job thanks to all of them. My career gone. WHY WOULD I STAY IF I WAS GUILTY OF ANYTHING. WHY WOULD I PUT MYSELF THROUGH ALL THAT ? I WAS INNOCENT AND DEPSITE IT ALL I WAS SHOWN THE DOOR.', "If you were doing bad things and knew they were onto you - you'd be gone wouldnt you ?! You would not stick around. So in order to prove my innocence I went to an appeal tribunal, my husband stood by me the entire time. We paid for a solicitor. Sadly, my employer painted a very very black picture of me. They made me out to be a wicked evil person, not worthy of getting my job back. I said I have done nothing to warrant this, I felt I was in a no-win situation.", 'My former employers witnesses and supposed evidence were pathetic. Amounted to nothing and my solicitor proved it. To top it off, to my horror, my personal Hotmail account was tampered with, some emails contrived to appear they had been sent from my hotmail account... again I was devastated. I think they knew that they had to have \'something\' to prove they were right all along, so they contrived some "evidence" (a smoking gun as my solicitor said). I proved I was not near a computer when these were sent. But they dissed any proof I had and again made me look like a liar.', 'From the start I trusted my management to help me. I trusted my team mates. But my passwords were stolen and that was very easy to do in my area. I am a very trusting person. Unfortunately the Tribunal board sided with my employer. I WAS NOT GIVEN A FAIR HEARING AT ALL. My employer suggested I created a conspiracy theory - when all the time it was bullying/cyber bullying being directed at me. They would go to any lengths to cover this up, have to have my former co-workers appear unified in their opinions of me.', 'I was extremely hurt and upset to hear them say those things. I had been through so much. The whole ordeal was stressful, humiliating and depressing. As I said to my MANY friends and supporters still in that workplace, this agency will stop at nothing to destroy you. They are not interested in the truth. It is about protecting themselves, protecting the real perpertrators. Because quite simply if I was allowed back to work I could probably take things further if so inclined, sue them or whatever it is. But I only ever wanted my job. My income and livelihood. To work in harmony with everyone. But this small group of people were hell-bent on getting me out - I was "the outsider" and they would gang up and stop at nothing till I was expelled from the workplace. And it worked.
I find it very ironic that managers and coworkers can say that they are all for clients but when they interact with coworkers, they treat them with much less compassion. ', 'I don\'t know... sometimes it comes across as an outward hatred if you show weakness because you\'re expected to be "all-together" all of the time. ', 'I thought that my "being bullied days" are over. I am much older and do my best not to get into any conflicts with people, make sure that I\'m respectful and polite for most of the time etc. I\'ve been working on a thesis for a doctoral program that I\'m in and have a Master\'s degree. I\'ve worked in many places and have been successful, but there have been three times that have stood out for me as I have been bullied.', "I'm going to discuss this time. It just baffles me. From Day 1 my supervisor looked at me as if she believed that I couldn't do my job in interviewing clients. She sat in one of my sessions and then gave me some feedback in the very beginning. I thought that all was okay. ", "Well, I was still learning my job and I had the bad luck of having these two clients file a complaint because they were angry with me because I was part of the system. Both the manager and my supervisor said that it wasn't my fault and that they were just very difficult. ", "I had handed in a DVD of my session (with the client's permission) because it was required of me. My supervisor said that it was a good video and that I didn't do myself justice when I was writing my analysis of it. ", 'Well, after the second client complaint, her comments on that same DVD became more and more negative. The supervision sessions got to the point where they would be abusive. She started sitting in in my sessions and when she sat in one of mine last week she said that she did not believe I had the skills to do my position. ', 'When I asked her to be specific she named some things that she believed workers should have and one of them was just having a "know how" of what the client wanted. In other words, I had to guess how the client is feeling and then address it even though I was told that these interviews were not counselling sessions. ', 'Plus when she sat in the session with me, she sat right next to the client as if she were part of the session. She has scolded me for a half hour for being late to pick up two clients (I admit that was not good on my part) but then she started to say that she had concerns about my work and made me appear to be this cold, heartless person that did not know how to engage with clients and carry on an interview. ', 'The manager even threatened me and said "Don\'t think I don\'t know about what is going on with you and ____\'s concerns about some of your work." ', "I have seen 47 clients and only had 2 complaints that they had told me were not directly my fault. All the client evaluations my supervisor has shown me have been positive. If I was incompetent like she implied, wouldn't there be more clients complaining about me? ", 'I think it is coincidental at this work place that I am the 4th non-white person that they are forcing out of employment. Plus I do not understand why some rules are different for other workers. ', "My supervisor appears not to be giving me constructive feedback but sitting in my sessions and collecting all the things that she thinks are bad and using them as excuses that I'm not right for this job. ", "I find it very intimidating when she sits in on my sessions and will tell her to stop doing that and that she can watch a DVD of the session (if I get my client's permission). ", "It just makes me very angry and I am going to file a complaint. I'm not afraid that the organisation that I'm discussing is called (name removed) and it is funny that they do not have great relations with their employees. ", "I have spoken with an ex coworker that they just forced out of employment. She was very good at her job (and I'm not being biased), and she was replaced by this worker who messes up alot but has a father in the industry who helped her get the job. ", "I don't know how much longer I can take of this but it has been wearing me down. It has made me cry, become depressed, worried and dread going back to work. I don't have job security. It is a shame since up till two weeks ago, I loved this job. ", "I am baffled that I am getting bullied. I haven't gotten into any conflicts with my colleagues and have held myself professionally with my clients. But my supervisor is so intent on getting me fired. The seating arrangements were even changed so that she is sitting right next to me and can hear every word that I say on the phone and to coworkers. It is hard not to stutter or be a bit concerned because I feel like I'm being examined under the microscope.", 'I am so glad to hear other people\'s stories because it\'s horrible to think I\'m the only one. I think workplace bullies are the worst of their kind -- they lack compassion, empathy and tact -- they can be two-faced, and base their judgments on hearsay. Or if you don\'t fit in in our work "clique" they will find a reason to fire you. I feel like we are all in high school again. ', "I would like these bullies to know that they can't keep getting away with this.
I have just been diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder due to workplace mobbing. I cannot quit my job because I need my health benefits. Two years ago, my boss was fired for sexually harassing me, and I was transferred to our second location. The company did not tell me that they had fired my boss, and when I reported to work everyone including the boss' family and friends that were working there started harassing me. ", "The HR assistant was in on it too. During the last two years I have been physically assaulted and injured, threatened with a razor knife, had my work sabotaged, been accused of multiple and serious errors I did not make, had coffee poured into my chair for nearly a year, had rotten things left on my desk, been verbally threatened, dragged off to a drug test for no reason, and most recently, repeatedly grabbed from behind by a very large man and held so I can't move. ", "I have been denied tuition reimbursement benefits and made to work a different schedule than my team. I am claustrophobic, and the dept supervisor knowing this, told me I didn't have my regular job any more and assigned me to count 900 obsolete parts inside of a cage. This caused me to have panic attacks and burn through my sick leave and vacation hrs I haven't accrued.", 'I tried reporting things quietly. I have never engaged any of the mob. The HR assistant just keeps covering it up. I thought I could stick it out, and get a transfer to another company because our company is owned by a global one, but I am completely broken. I had to take family medical leave and some short term disability time, see a specialist, and now have to take medication to be able to walk into the building.', 'I tried appealing to the HR director who just offered to call temp services and "help me" find another job. Now that I have PTSD, I have a pre-existing condition insurance wise... and I\'m stuck. There is no way out.', 'This has ruined my life. This has ruined my relationship with my mate, and with my kid. My friends have been threatened at work not to talk to me. I have been followed outside of work and had my car broken into. There should be a law against this kind of thing.', 'Nobody can withstand this kind of torture. It is Thermopylae everyday.
It is a long story... but I reluctantly took a job in a very small Unit that I was my area of expertise. I say reluctantly due to the fact that there was an individual there that was well known as what I have become to know as a "Workplace Bully". The string of employees before me lasted all of 6 months to 2 years... in fact they had to offer $10,000 dollar sign on bonuses to get any applicants. So I finally decided that I would take a position as I knew one of the current employees "who was normal" and figured my direct feedback style would reign in any of the bully behaviors (mind you I did not get offered any "sign on" bonus).', 'Well within 2 months I was in the Manager\'s office saying I can not work with the individual "the bully" and please post the position and I will stay until it is filled and the person is trained. Well, I was begged to stay and told things would change. After three more attempts to resign and complaints and meeting with HR and the Bully. The situation worsened... my manager became the Target for awhile and eventually was replaced... one of the reasons was that she would not get rid of me (by this time I had decided that I should not be driven out of my "very nice job"... making $120,000 as an RN... a 70% sitting job and I have a medical condition that makes a physically demanding job too difficult).', 'Well the new manager had a mission to get rid of me and the Bully seemed to know... as the bullying tactics increased 100%... of course I complained to the new manager as I was not aware of the agenda. Well long story short... I was removed from my job after sharing feelings about my experiences during Team Building meetings and labeling my treatment as Lateral Violence... a well known subject in the Nursing literature.', 'Well I now have an EEOC charge and am still working for my employer but have been BLACKLISTED when attempting to find suitable employement. The Bully is still in place and continues to bully but is somewhat controlled for the time being... there was a traveling employee who was her target for  about 8 months... but as the literature shows the Bully always needs a target...', 'The new target seems to be the Manager or another new employee who has the "I will not be manipulated style" so now that the traveler is gone she is already acting up even going so far as to Bully the new manger... this is a person I knew who worked there and begged me to come on board. It turns out that due to State regulaton the manager needed to have experience in the area of expertise so now my former co-worker is the Manager.', 'Her hands are being controlled by the old/new manager who is now the Administrator. I could go on about the blacklisting but the whole thing is completly unbelievable and I have suffered greatly. We are now waiting for the EEOC investigation as an attempt at mediation failed. It failed because I wanted a clause that I would be reinstated when the person they claimed to be protecting me from resigned her full time position.', 'I stood to only recoop the money I borrowed to retain an attorney... and a little more that was all the attorney\'s that I had to pay taxes on... Mind you I am a nurse with 24 years experience who has rarely even had to apply for a job. This has totally destroyed my life... but I continue to work a "shit job " in the per diem pool and wait for the eeoc investigstion... I am a FIGHTER!
After a decade of bullying by one coworker, with the covert aid of the department manager, it is still escalating. I am tired of getting dirty looks from people I don't even know and have never spoken with. I am tired of people never just coming to me and asking whether what they have heard is true. I am tired of the department manager clearly condoning and even rewarding the behavior of the bully. I am tired of the department manager as well as the original bully trying so hard to set me up for failure. At least one, if not both, will lie when I do not fail despite the numerous road blocks placed in my path.", "I do not feel comfortable with HR as a resource as I do not believe that they would have my best interest at heart. I need advice on how to approach this in a way that will not backfire on me. I might try a slander suit except that every thing is said behind my back and I am never confronted with it to allow for me to present my side. The department manager ensures that no one speaks to you about anything including those things that directly affect your job (convenient isn't it).", "Could I prove that this has affected my pay and benefits? Very likely I could. As it is escalating there are those that are seeing the humiliation part of it now. It is no longer covert. I do not believe that anyone would stand up for me though. In court or in the HR office. I don't blame them as we all need our jobs right now. ", "Understand, I am not a mouse and can stand up for myself. I stood up to the original bully to his face though logically and with a cool head. This only served to put it all behind my back. I can and will stand up against the wishes of the department manager when he wants me to do something that could potentially harm my position. I have honesty and integrity and will not just ignore the actual facts (when the empirical data does not fit the theory just throw out the empirical data, right?). I don't really know if the department manager is aiding and abetting or actually dictating the original slime that has been spewed forth against me.", 'I seriously need assistance on how to approach resolving this with HR or what would be required for a slander/defamation of character suit.
I have worked for company for 6 years. My boss has always seemed to dislike me and there doesn't seem to be anything I can do to change this. He blames me for not being good enough in most areas of my performance but doesn't have any evidence and also does this through a system of 'local line management' made up of 2 employees who do as they are told unquestioningly.", "I used to react against him, reason to him that he was treating me unfairly and make challenges to what to me seemed like unfair decisions. I was always told I was challenging 'inappropriately', and always silenced.", 'On a two occaisions he has almost given me an official wanring, but because I sent him a letter from a lawyer asking for a clear and transparent process he withdrew. He has also directly threatened me to improve my performance in reaching billing targets. When I did so this year, exceeding all others in the company it was neither acknowledged or rewarded. I was the only person not to receive a payrise.', 'Because I decided some time ago to stop confronting him as he is the director and not moderated by anyone, he has started to use more subtle and indirect means to attack me, such as making negative inferred references to me to my friend at work. He apparantly said the other day that he thinks I am resentful I did not receive a payrise (although have not communicated this to management) and that the issue was not billing, but billing of quality, therefore inferring to a colleague personal information re salary as well as implying to her I was underperforming.', "I am looking for another job, but don't seem to have much luck and have ongoing anxiety, depression and panic attacks as a result of what feels like continual attack and intimidation. He has also threatened not to write me a decent reference which makes me anxious about my future employability.", 'I feel helpless, alone and quite desperate for this situation to either improve or end. There are no HR at work, and if there was they would be directly controlled by him. He once told me there was no point in challenging a decision formally as he was the person who would be investigating my complaint.
I too, was a victim of bullying. For those who think it only happens to the young, think again! I am now in my forties, and needed to rest for a very long time, before getting back on my feet. The fact I was older and heading for forty when it happened, was a good omen in itself. The break which I had no choice but to take, and for various reasons, finally gave me time to reflect and wisen up. ', 'I had the pleasure of working for some wonderful industries in my life, but like previous writers, I was extremely shy by nature. I lacked confidence and self esteem. In my case it stemmed from my childhood. I was also an anxiety sufferer which explained my slowness in learning a job and agitation when I needed to confront an issue. I was picked on many times to say the least. When you have personal weaknesses bullies can zero in on them quite quickly, because they can connect with them, except they hide theirs in a more abrupt and overpowering manner. ', "Victims of workplace bullying are everywhere, but I say to all those that have suffered, never give up. Victims are often the best workers, can be extremely attractive, can have a wonderful personality and great vision for their futures. They may stand out in a crowd and can become popular with other co-workers. If you are a victim of bullying circumstances, don't beat yourself up about it, and add further pressure to what has happened to you. It is obvious there are good qualities about you, that those doing the bullying, don't have. Bullies are often people who see in their victims qualities they wish they had and to compensate they will act in a manner to cause you personal injury.", 'Here is a list, I put together. It is only general advice, but I hope it is sufficient to help anyone out there whom is being targeted and bullied. ', 'Never walk out of the company, as you can regret this action when you calm down.', 'Never bottle up the pain, it can be dangerous to your health later on - trust someone. ', 'Gain the courage to speak to someone about what is happening to you. ', 'Find out about the law and where you stand in it - make general enquiries.', 'If necessary take time off and see a doctor about it. Matters that are noted are always used as evidence later on, if necessary.', 'Get information on unions. ', 'Never keep it away from the company itself, give the industry a chance to resolve the matter first as often, those up top never know what is going on below them ', ' ', 'before going further especially legally, get all the facts, and know how it is going to affect you and the industry that was paying you. References are important besides other things so you would want to cover yourself if you loose your job.', "Try and respect the hand that feeds you, because no organisation supports bullying and harassment. It just so happens that sometimes people are put in positions that don't suit them and to try and better themselves and hide their own insecurities they bully others.", 'Keep a journal or diary of events that occur - this is extremely necessary if matters are to go further. ', 'Always be on your best behaviour and act professional. Try not to discuss the issues with co workers, especially in a negative manner, because often its the gossip that leads to being further mistreated. ', 'Never spread vile gossip about the company that injured you because it may very well be a small group of incompetent people that have just given a well respected industry a bad name.', 'I hope this helps some people.
I have worked for a company for seven years and I have never seen a company like this before!! This company has several office bullies, one which has been with the company for 28 years. The company knows about this person's behavior, actions, comments and most of sexual harrassment on a daily basis.", 'This person is so bold and out of control until he will carry out his actions in front of managers -- who will just laugh it off out of fear or just walk away from the incident while it is taking place. The bullies have a support system that consists of about (8) people, who will do anything to cover for each other and the "kicker" in the whole stories -- the group consists of "Ministers, church leaders, and "suppose-to-be Christians".', 'The main bully has set the tone for the office until it is a hostile environment on a daily basis -- consisting of sexual comments, jokes and humiliation where sometimes the Managers join in on the jokes.', 'My situation became so unbearable until I finally filed a sexual harrassment formal complaint with the corporate after receiving a text piciture of a Minister\'s penis -- my co-worker (bully #2). In my formal complaint, I\'d addressed the hostile environment also. As you know, corporate\'s actions was a delayed response at first, just to see how much I knew, so they could know how to response or "clean-up" the mess! Corporate gave the Minister the option to resign! -- believe that -- he was given a option. ', "After bully #2 resigned, I was retaliated against by the corporate and local office (including co-workers and Managers). I had items stolen from desk, my laptop's hard drive destoyed, items from my purse was stolen and accounts sabatoged. This left me with no outlet to report this to because the Managers would support the bullies.", 'Eventually, the constant stress resulted in me having various health problems. Now I am without a job and still having to deal with some of these individuals -- the "Mob of Bullies showed up in court with the Minister -- I know there has to be a light at the end of this tunnel -- any advice or comments welcomed!! Note: In Alabama a worker is considered an "At-Will Employee -- limited laws to protect the employee!!
I had a lot of jobs in my life and I do admit that I am a bit quiet at work, mostly because I try very hard to stay away from negativity in the workplace. I been told that shy people like myself can be confusing to read, but I don't think that's an excuse for wrong treatment of any kind. I currently work at a insurance company as a image processor, I am responsible for scanning documents. Most of my co-workers in the office are friendly with each other and everyone seem to get along well with each other. Everyone except me.", "I come to work eveyday, sit down and do my job and I don't bother anyone, but I negative comment said about me behind my back and dirty looks for no reason at all. One of the Unit Manager had said to another co-worker that I looked like a ugly actress on tv and I over heard that co-worker singing the theme sing from the tv show that she was on. I took it as her mocking me. Mocking is something that happenens to me on a daily basis. Every little body gesture I do, I see my co-workers mocking me over it. This might not be a big thing to someone else, but it is very hurtful to me. ", 'Now I am having a problem with another co-worker, she saw me taking my break alone and now she\'s telling everyone that I am a "loner". And another one of my co-workers ask me if I was going to go "postal" because I am quiet. This was very insulting and hurtful. ', "I only been at this job for 8 months and all of these things are happening to me. I get nervous on Sunday nights because I think about going to work the next morning. It's getting to the point where everyday I don't know what to expect. ", 'I do need some advice, please anyone if you have any advice tell me what to do.
I have worked in higher education for years. I accepted my present position to escape a serious bullying environment that was not adequately addressed by management only to land in a worse situation. I'm being bullied constantly.", 'It is so 2nd grade. Comments about my appearance and clothing. Then they start picking apart everything I do -- if I try to ask for help to fix mistakes then I\'m told I "ask too many questions".', "I am more educated than most of them. A fact they seem to hate. I had hoped to retire from this place, but I don't know if I can last. It really wears you down.", "I've talked to my boss and while sympathetic -- he has spoken to the head bully, but it is still going on. I'm beginning to think that the woman doing this bullying is mentally ill.
Came into the back office and the word shit was written through my name. The person responsible made an apology that was very insincere. The manager of the office stated that because corporate was involved that I should expect retribution. What can I do? Who can I contact? I live in Massachusetts.
I am campaigning for a change in legislation in which the issues of bullying are dealt with within the workplace. ', 'In the United Kingdom and Ireland the courts currently address bullying under existing legislation such as Health and Safety, Prevention of Harassment and anti-discrimination legislation and personal injury claims. This incurs financial cost which victims of bullying cannot always afford, as unions do not always support the victims of bullying. ', 'The action I feel would be beneficial if all Grievances were recorded, i.e tape recorded/video recorded, and an independent employment consultancy, or another independent organisation that had no ties with the perpetrator investigated all Grievances/Appeals pertaining to bullying/harassment. This may sound expensive, if you think of the cost in the long run it will be a lot cheaper than: Sickness; Counselling; Tribunal, etc ', 'Under the Freedom of Information Act I have asked several councils for information, I think you may find the outcome interesting if you are paying £100 a month poll tax £20 is an additional tax to cover bullying.', ' ', 'I worked for Liverpool City Council for over twenty years and had to resign due to bullying and oppressive behaviour. ', ' ', 'Public Services investigate themselves which in it self is a conflict of interest. No one wants to admit they are incompetent and were companies endorse the perpetrators of bullying the human and economical cost will continue to rise. ', 'The former head of service Andy Hull produced this http://tinyurl.com/ldzwcd', 'His name was on the front of the power point now it has been changed to Jackie Crowley on the front... as if that makes any difference. ', 'I submitted two grievances before the outcome of the first grievance the bully produced a contract and said it was mine; it was nothing like my contract. The head of service then tried to change my contract, which was virtually the same as the contract the bully had produced, so that my line management would be managed directly by the bully whom I had submitted the grievance against. The 1st grievance went against me as a manager had temporary memory loss as he put his head in his hands and stated that he could not remember having any meetings with the bully. Despite the fact he had several. (This was proven in Tribunal) If I wished to appeal it would be to the head of the service that had tried to change my contract so that I would answer directly to the bully. I had a meeting with the head of the service were he spent over two hours trying to persuade me to sign the new contract. At one point stating “if it went to tribunal the councils solicitors will fight it" "Why won\'t you sign it, it\'s not as though X beats you with a stick". (In Tribunal Hull could not recall this) The Tribunal of course believed Hull. Of course these are just my opinions.', 'Are you not curious to know what the true figures are for your constituency? I think you may find the following websites interesting:', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/lps48k - Birmingham Council', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/kq3kkh - Gwynedd Council ', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/lj8lqb - British Broadcasting Corporation', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/ntfq94 - East Dunbartonshire Council', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/lfjo3o - Oxford City Council', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/kwv64d - Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/kjnexu - Cardiff Council', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/m4hxwv - Liverpool City Council', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/m93rwd - Bristol City Council', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/m8eyo5 - Essex City Council', ' ', ' ', 'REFUSED REQUESTS ', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/l3zx7p - Pembrokeshire Council', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/mfgzbo - Newcastle upon Tyne City Council', ' ', ' http://tinyurl.com/nqh2nf - Shropshire Council ', ' ', 'Waiting Response', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/n8mn2c - Lambeth Borough Council', ' ', 'http://tinyurl.com/n3p5hh - Luton Borough Council', 'The action I feel would be beneficial if all Grievances were recorded, i.e tape recorded/video recorded, and an independent employment consultancy, or another independent organisation that had no ties with the perpetrator investigated all Grievances/Appeals pertaining to bullying/harassment. This may sound expensive, if you think of the cost in the long run it will be a lot cheaper than: Sickness; Counselling; Tribunal, etc.', ' ', 'Education is the key as bullying thrives on silence. A zero tolerance to bullying and make information on how to deal with bullying known throughout all services. ', ' ', "With the current recession employees need more protection in the workplace. I have started a new petition to Stop Bullying in The Workplace. It's Called 09Bullying could you please sign it and pass it on?", "When you complete the petition - it will email you a link which you have to click to actually have your name added to the list. Please do remember to check your spam folder if your email doesn't appear and make sure your name is on the list! ", ' ', 'This is an opinion of Vicky Gray
I took the job with some trepidation because parts of it involved routine, administrative work, and I'm a highly skilled and experienced IT person (databases, tech support/Help Desk, consultant/project manager). But it was local, a nonprofit and I thought I could do real good there by bringing technology to an organization that desperately needed it.", 'For the first 6 months, I was left to my own devices, expected to know everything and train myself, even on a totally unfamiliar product, my Boss (female) and the part-timer (also female) said things like "You\'re so smart, you figure it out." and "I thought you knew how to do this", when I asked for training or help. But the real bullying began after that initial period. I experienced shouting at me in public, in front of customers, told I had effed stuff up, and how could I do such a stupid thing, and had fists pounded on my desk, papers flung off to the floor.', "I asked the part-timer how could I respond differently to the Boss, and she said that there were only two ways to respond to the Boss, and one was tell her to eff off, and the other was to submit. I said I'm a professional, I can't do either of those, and she said, well, those are your only two choices, so you will have to pick. I asked her what did she do, and she said that sometimes she picked one, and sometimes she picked the other.", "My mistake for the next year was to believe that I could change this nonsense, that I could use my process orientation skills, my experience on teams, and my education in re-engineering to change what I saw as a need for training, a managerial skills gap, if you like. Boy, was I wrong! She bullied me relentlessly, more after a Board member praised my work in public, more when teachers praised my work, more when she didn't understand some tech issue and I had to explain it, more when I objected to some degree she laid out at staff meetings.", 'She even went so far as to stand behind my chair, wedge herself between the wall and my chair, blocking my ability to get away from her, and put her hands on my neck and shake me. Creepy!', "I became her object of torture. I was miserable, not sleeping, overreacting with family and friends, obsessing about how to deal with it, paranoid about everyone's motives, and afflicted with chronic migraines.", "Two things happened to force me to seek professional help. Help that I'm still receiving after a year because of the after effects and because I still have to see that Jerk at community meetings. One was a resurgence of chronic migraines. I had them under control, with meds and biofeedback when I started the job. But after 6 months of bullying, I was having up to 3 a week, sometimes a run of 14 consecutive days, and they stopped responding to meds.", 'Two was when I fled the office, during one of her rages against me, and I realized I was physically and emotionally reacting the same way I had when I was in an abusive marriage, over 35 years ago. I was only married a year and a day, but when I put together the thought "this is what being married to what\'s his name felt like!", I pulled my cell phone out of my pocket, called a children\'s therapist I knew in the area and begged her to find me an employment or bullying specialist. She called back with a name and number in two hours, and I\'m forever grateful.', "Still, it took me from last June to this past March to get out, in spite of the fact that on my first day of therapy/counseling, I said, I've read the literature, and I know I have to leave, I know the Board won't help me, I know my family is sick of hearing about this, and seeing me in such pain, please help me get out of this situation, and also help me not repeat it in future. I knew I had to leave, that she would not change, and it still look me that long to get out. The leaving is a process, where I benefited from examining that awful marriage, my family life and my own attitudes. I was beaten down, demoralized and had low self-esteem and low self-confidence.", "I run my own business now, and wake up smiling, and mostly migraine-free. But if I do see her, or have to attend a meeting with her, I get a migraine, feel sick, get angry all over again. I'm working on it, I've quit everything that involves her but one quarterly meeting for an org I belong to. I've told more people about my experience, now in a dispassionate way, more about bullying in the workplace, less about my reactions to it. And my side of the story is gaining support.", 'Without sites like this one and kickbully.com, I would still be living this nightmare. So I decided to write this post, to thank everyone who has contributed to discourse on workplace bullying, and to support, with my own story, those of us struggling to be free of their bully.
No matter where I go, what employment I get I am always bullied in the organisation. It makes me think what I am doing wrong. I was bullied every single day at the Doctor\'s sugery. It took the form of a drip drip effect. It started with gossiping behind my back; invading my personal space; blaming me all the time for things that where not my fault; being patronizing to me; Making insulting comments directly to me concerning my mental health conditions; overloading me with too much work and not enough time to complete it. Lying about the quality and quantity of work in a spreadsheet and the Manager e-maiied it to me!!!! Colleagues would report me to the Manager if I done anything that was not classed as perfect; if I was one minute late it was logged while all other colleagues could get away with anything. I was constantly critised and scapegoated, humiliated in meetings; The new Head Receptionist was told to "keep an eye on me" and constantly was breathing down up neck, snapped at and shouted at. If I took my hands away from the keyboard for less than a minutes she would shout at me "get on with your work!!!" while others would be able just to lazy about gossiping. ', 'Now I am doing volunteering at a muesum and most of the volunteers are older than me and one volunteer branded me "Grand-daughter Fodder" and everything I do is because I am young, irresponsible and stupid. There is awfully awkward alarm system and I accidently set it off and ended up in bits because I felt so unless. Everytime I key in the code it says "Code denied" repeatly and it seems to take 6 attempts by that time the secuity procedure starts. The volunteer who does the secuity system reported me to the curator of the museum and the Volunteer Coordinator. ', 'The curator came down but seemed to be really nice to me about it but the volunteer co-ordinator came in to do her shift and said to me "OH a heard about there was \'A Performance\' this morning" ', 'I just feel that it is starting to happen again. But this time the only factor I can thing of is my age. I was crying and crying. ', 'People make mistakes all the time and I know that the volunteers make mistakes all the time too but it would be nice to find out what occurs when they make a mistake. ', 'I am a bully magnet. ', 'I cannot cope this it happening to me again while I am volunteering or am I imagining things due to my last experience????
I dated a man for 5 years. We had a good relationship. I worked hard to treat him well and he worked hard to treat me well. Four years into the relationship he got hired at the company I work for and he suddenly changed. He was angry all of the time and one day it was apparent to both of us it was time to break up.', 'He has since then made several decisions which are a complete surprize to me. He has decided to have a sex change operation and is bullying me by saying he will have me fired for sexual harassment because he now has the paranoid idea that I am talking about him all of the time.', 'We broke up 10 years ago. I am just your average middle aged plump older woman. I am happy in a new relationship (really it is a quite a longstanding relationship) and I am just not doing anything of the kind. I quite honestly have more positive things to talk about in my life and prefer to dwell on these things rather than the unexplainable past.', 'I like my job but I keep getting emails where he accuses me of speaking to all sorts of people and talking about him. Most of the people he refers to are not even people I know. He says sly mean and threatening things to me at work and I get a lot of hang up phone calls at home from blocked phone numbers.', 'I had no idea he was  unhappy with his sexuality when we dated. How can I stop this form of bullying?', 'I want to keep my job with the company I work for and that is why his actions are so effective. He wants me to be unhappy and fear him/her. I think that if either of us filed an official complaint the company would probably just fire us both because that is just the kind of company they are.', 'Sex change operations are not very common and although I do not allow anyone to speak to me about him or his latest surgeries or look I cannot stop others from gossiping about him.', "Somehow I am trapped in something that really doesn't have anything to do with me.", 'Do you have any advice for me?
Hi to everyone visiting this website. My name is Darren. I am 39 years of age suffering severe mental health issues, depression, social phobia, suicidal thoughts, low self esteem etc, due to past experiences of workplace bullying & harassment. From the age of 16-25, I was picked on daily within a food processing factory. Types of comments from people where homophobic & pedophilia remarks, both of course are untrue, but still I found the comments offensive, mixed in with rumor spreading, across all work departments daily. At first I tried to ignore the remarks, but as they intensified on day by day, year by year basis, it  gradually destroyed me from within, causing me to have mental health problems. From the first day of starting the factory, I was never socially accepted by anyone, nobody would stick up for me. Everyone thought they were better than me for some reason. I felt like a high school outcast. Before you say anything why didn't you leave, or talk to management, first lack of decent qualifications & jobs, was a problem & secondly, the management were just as bad.
I worked at a prominent community service organization that takes pride in the slogan "we build strong kids, families and communities". It also has a mission statement that guarantees respect. ', 'During the first two months of my employment, the Executive Director spent quality time with me going over reports, discussing plans for the company and how great it was to have me on board. ', 'Every now and then in private, he would throw a cutting remark my way. The comments would come out of nowhere and then get brushed aside with his smile. Then he would take delight in telling me about his upcoming weekend, home, kids and vacation plans. I listened to the fun things, but always took a mental note to not repeat the action that the Director had "playfully" griped about. ', "By month five, the boss's verbal snowflakes had morphed into a full-blown avalanche. These irrational attacks would occur not only in private, but had begun to spill over into staff meetings. I was so embarrassed, humiliated, paralyzed and just wanted to fall through a hole in the floor. I said nothing and did nothing except take it. ", "My head was not screwed on to think about quitting. All I focused my attention on was that little spotlight called my job. It was my dream come true. I couldn't just walk away. Working for this company paid the electric, the gas, the rent and the work was my social identity. ", 'After a year, I took a bold move and complained to Human Resources. No help there... in fact, things got worse. I soon learned to just keep quiet and live with my Sunday evening blues and Monday morning diarrhea.', "After three years. The Executive Director was promoted. I thought that I would finally be free, but that didn't stop him from harassing me. When I came close to suicide, I knew it was time to either quit the job or stay and die.", 'I left. There was no big fanfare. It just ended. I got away, but not fully. I stayed too long. I am now emotionally scarred. I have confidence issues and lack of trust in my own abilities. I was once a 5-Star worker. I used to be someone who could do any type of job with the greatest of ease. Now, I only have my memories and my anger.
I started working for the government almost 20 years ago. The bullying started about 15 years ago by a male coworker who is still working right next door to me he would always tell me to shut my radio because he could concentrate on reading his book. Then my next work situation was working with a female alcoholic all along at the same time the male bully was still working with me. The male bully and the drunk would team up together and start harassing. In 1999 they got rid of the female drunk and for awhile I just had the guy bully to deal with. In 2005 they hired a female employee I am currently working with and her and the male bully team up against me. They constantly slam and kick things. My office is a hostile work environment.', 'The lady I work with as soon as other people come in she is very nice to them. As soon as they leave it is another story. It is like working Dr. Jekyl and Dr. Hyde. Everyone believes her, my immediate supervisor just tells me to ignore it. And be the bigger person.
My husband committed suicide over this issue; the perpetrators took my bright and personable husband and had him questioning his very sanity. It took its toll on our marriage and I could not convince him to quit the job or to seek counseling.', 'He informed management numerous times of what was happening, but the perpetrators, just like your articles state, became more powerful and influential. My husband was the sole person doing his job at a major company, one brief assistant resigned, saying his workload was that of four or five people at previous companies she had worked at. The work kept coming and coming and the perpetrators kept telling management how easy his job was.', 'When he died, the work was given to three people plus a contract company. I wonder who they bully now, since it appears the bully always finds another victim. When the coroner called me, I knew exactly what happened, it came as no surprise but it came with great sorrow that my husband would think these horrible people should have so much input into who and what he was and did.', "We as a family are agonized beyond belief and cannot seem to find adequate insight into why this happened. Of course, the company wants to trivialize and wash their hands of it, despite my husband's oft reported incidents. His other coworker resigned and found other work... the commonality is that they were the only two workers of color in their departments.", 'The one who resigned was not going to let the company kill him also. Our hearts are with all of you who have been so victimized, the pain is unbearable at times and although we, somehow, are recovering and not in that place after his suicide, we are tortured and hurt with an undercurrent of prolific sadness everyday.
In our remote rural area with a limited population base it is very difficult to find volunteers for our nonprofit organization. As director, I must pick up the slack when no one is available and at age 72, this is something very hard on me, especially heavy physical work. Our problem is this.', 'There is only one person who seems to like to do volunteer work. He is a 63-year-old paranoid schizophrenic who refuses to take medication or participate in any of the new brain rehabilitation techniques that can help schizophrenia. ("I don\'t want to get well-I like to live off the government.") At times, he is a wonderful volunteer, totally cooperative, eager to do tasks, and do them well. This might last for a day or two, or an hour or two. Then without warning, he goes utterly ballistic over the slightest little thing, such as the tone of my voice, or a sound a stranger across the street makes, or it is simply a delusion that someone is watching him when no one is in sight.', "I've know this man for 20 years and over that time he has alienated everyone he has ever met, even his only relatives, two brothers who want nothing to do with him. (They occasionally call me to ask about him.) At times he becomes totally erratic and sleeps under bridges. Then he gets wonderful institutional help and they set him up in a nice apartment but always, within months, he hates everyone in the complex and walks out, leaving nice furniture, books and clothing the organization provided for him. I've seen this happen probably 20 times in those 20 years I've known him.", 'When he is in our small town, we provide a simple room for him that he fills with books (he has a degree in psychology and is extremely well read). It is the only safe haven he has on a permanent basis. ', "But his bullying attacks are growing worse, and have become nearly unbearable. He cusses me, stomps out and leaves me in a time lurch so many times, I can't tell you. He disrespects what I say, taunting and sneering, making faces, etc. You know, the ugly usual. I find it really saps my energy even though I work hard to distance myself emotionally from all that is spewing forth. ", 'I have observed that his bullying seems to intensify with sugar intake. I have mentioned it to case workers on the phone, but nothing is ever addressed. Could this be the cause of the erratic bullying attacks? (He does not do drugs or use alcohol but he loves coals and steals any sugar he sees.)', 'If we did not need a volunteer so badly, the Board would help me ban him from our premises, but what can we do when there is no help? And he knows this. So that makes him throw it in my face, "Ha ha, no one else will help you. They hate you. Ha ha" (Of course, he does not want to comprehend a small population base and the inordinate substance abuses in our small town.) And I must have the help in order to keep our small nonprofit going. (We are too far from a metro area to solicit volunteers from there -- we tried.) ', "I can't seem to find the information I need on how to set boundaries and deal with this type of shattered paranoid schizophrenic mind when they sink into the bullying mode. I would appreciate any professional input or shared real world experience. Twice lately he has grabbed me briefly and this has frightened me. Is he now dangerous? He does not carry a gun or a knife but was once a boxer in his youth. The local law enforcement is a sad joke from a very limited brain pool and who have upon occasion, also bullied me. He tells them I provoke him so he bullies to protect himself. They laugh and walk away. This leaves me utterly alone. What can I do?", 'Thank you for any input.
I am a manager at a well known retail store, my issue is with another manager who is on the same level as myself. We used to be ok with each other I used to go to her kids b-day parties and we would talk on the phone here and there and suddenly everything changed. ', 'I have been a manager with the company for longer than she has however she has been with the company 2 years longer than I have. I believe that she is intimidated because she has been with the company longer and I know more aspects of the business than she does. Recently our store manager resigned, now things were bad before she left but she tended to keep this manager in line for the most part.', "Things have recently gotten out of control, we got a new store manager (who is someone that I've known and worked with for a long time) She is a bit of a pushover and doesn't really do anything with any complaints that have come about. ", 'This manager is condescending, talks down to not only myself but a few other employees. She targets people that respect me as a manager and tries to pit us against each other. She falsely accuses myself and other empoyees of making statements or not being willing to help out. She recently told me that one of my backroom employees used a racial slur in the backroom and that I needed to have a conversation with her. I did speak with her and when it was brought up she was nearly in tears as she is a tenured associate and also of a different race and she was mortified that anyone would ever say that she would use the word she was being accused of. However, I had another employee (who knows nothing of whats going on) come to me and state that this manager made a racial comment about the backroom employee and also was making comments about her religion. ', 'She purposely keeps information from me that I need to do my job and twists situations around to fit her sick rules. She criticizes associates who are great assets to our team and makes them feel as though their contributions don\'t count as well as holding back information on open positions to other associates because she wants to keep her "power house" team at our store. I don\'t feel it is fair to hold back info on jobs for people who would do great because you are selfish and want to keep them at your store. ', 'Myself and about 5 other employees who are victims of this abuse have banded together and called the proper people to have this situation taken care of. As of yet we are still waiting on results.', "I did contact a lawyer to discuss if we would have a case and what our next step would be but because we have no bully law in Wisconsin I feel at a loss as to what to do not only for myself but these employees who are physically getting ill if they have to work with this manager. There are 2 of us from the 5 that are now having to take medication for anxiety and depression and I have the worst insomnia I find it hard to function on a daily basis. I don't really know where else to turn and could really use some advice. As a manager and a mentor I feel that I need to step up to help these employees that are being harmed as well as myself. ", "Now it's just the waiting game as the investigation for the phone calls that were made can take up to 2 weeks before they have results as to what happened with the complaints. We are all scared of losing our jobs but sticking together as a team which I think will help us in the long run.", 'Hopefully no retaliation will occur... anyone else dealt with something like this and had positive results??
I worked for a large US based consulting firm. I was a project manager for a US government funded project overseas, and would occassionaly visit the project site. I discovered the team leader on that projet was very abusive to the local staff, had one woman in tears daily, refused to pay local staff overtime, constantly yelled at people for no reason, etc etc. The staff were all in shock when he arrived, as he had replaced someone else who was let go.', 'We had already received one complaint about him from our local partners. He tried the same with me and since I stood up to him and insisted that he follow our procedures, he began a campaign of retaliation that was unrelenting. Since he could not get me fired - (he was not my direct boss) - he used underhanded manipulative and truly vindictive means to retaliate- all the while refusing to cooperate with our procedures.', 'The final straw was when he blocked me from visiting the project site by telling the client to retract a travel approval for me, and I ended up getting lectured by the client. The whole thing is bizarre because the home office is supposed to manage the team leader, not the other way around.', 'Meanwhile I had no support from upper management who had hired the guy despite warnings from recruiters. In fact, they tried to bully me into dealing with the bully! This is in spite of the fact that numerous complaints about the guy were going to the client, without us even knowing about it... the letters slowly started trickling into us. He had had violent rage episodes and was refusing to make required payments. Yet he could charm people he needed to charm... a true sociopath. To get out of this situation, I quit.
I need help/advise/suggestions! ', "I recently was hired by a small telecommunications vendor company... I love my job and I'm good at it. My problem -- the coworker that helped me land this job is also my biggest problem!", 'We met over 20 years ago while I was working on my Masters and then recently while I was working with my last company. We ran into each other while I was networking with the owner of her company & because her business was closely associated with my field, we began working together for business opportunities.', 'I am a very strong, confident woman. I have worked hard to get to where I am both professionally and personally. I do not doubt myself.', "My friend/coworker is very insecure, controlling, and does not like to make mistakes. She very much enjoys directing/leading teams; however, what I'm discovering is she does not know her product which makes her directions unclear, incorrect and creates a lot of work for others.", 'My first experience with her bipolar personality showed up the first week I went to work. She decided to take vacation that week. During my work week, she called me at least 5-7 times a day wanting to know "what I was doing or what was so and so doing." If I did not answer my phone when she called, she would have the receptionist locate me. I found this behavior very odd.', 'Upon her return from vacation, she was very upset that my manager had set up a temporary desk for me to work. She expressed her comments directed at me by saying, "they never did anything like this for me when I began work here." "Don\'t worry, it won\'t always be like this, they\'ll forget you." I need to mention that she made it clear that when she began her employment with this company that she would be working from home; she did not want to report to the office. My manager wants me to work at the office.', 'From then on, she would take over my desk whenever she was in town. Having not ever encountered something like this before nor did I want to start an issue, I did not do or say say anything to her.', 'At that time, we got along pretty good; however, she did talk to me a lot about why so and so coworker did not return her calls/emails; why did so and so not do this or that which she had requested; or why did so and so keep her out of the loop on this project. I listened to her concerns and tried to coach her on ways to make the situations better. I also tutored her on products/processes that she did not know about or needed to learn. I did this hoping it would make her feel more secure about herself and her position.', 'During this time she tried to involve me by going to coworkers on her behalf to discuss these issues. She also tried to persuade me to go to our manager about issues she was either having with him or our coworkers. That\'s when I drew the line and simply said, "I will not do that...it is inappropriate and I do not feel comfortable doing that. If you have an issue with anyone, you should take care of it yourself." She could not believe that I would not help her in that way and inferred that I was not being a team player.', 'Another situation occurred, one Friday afternoon while she, I and a coworker were discussing a customer solution. All of a sudden, she starts yelling, "Why do you treat me like this. I am not stupid. You all just ignore me like I\'m not here, etc." I got scared and didn\'t know what to say. My coworker acted like nothing had happened. The only thing I thought to do was to touch her hand and say, "calm down." She threw my hand off and then began throwing paper and her work things on the floor. I then left the room because it upset me so. Later when she discussed it with me, she laughed and said to me, "nothing ever bothers you." I could not believe my ears!', 'She called me over the weekend to apologize; however, that did not make me feel any better. On the following Monday, I went to my manager and explained the situation stating to him that I was not talking about her; I simply needed some advise. I described the Friday outburst by stating this was the second time she had erupted like this and I wanted to know what to do. Unfortunately, all he did was listen and said he really did not know why she did that nor what I could do. He said that he had noticed how insecure she was, but he was also confused as to why she did not know the product or processes since she had been with his company for over a year. I had only been there at that time less than 1 month.', 'There have been more incidents like this. I will not bore you guys with the details. But the last one occurred when we were away at training. We had overslept for the last day of training because she did not set the alarm clock. When we both awoke, she wanted to take her shower first; however, she made 3 phone calls, pulled out her outfit, then packed some things all before she got in to the shower. Needless to say I was last and she was waiting on me. She impatiently sat tapping her legs, then my phone rang...it was my manager. I took the phone call -- there were some issues he needed to discuss with me. During my call, she repeatedly make comments making it difficult to hear him.', 'Afterward she said, "I don\'t know why he called you. He knew we have to get to class. Now we\'re really be late. I can\'t believe it. It\'s so rude to be late. It puts the instructor in an awkward situation." I responded by saying, "I don\'t want to make you late. Why don\'t you go on down. I\'ll follow in a bit." She repeated these things over and over until I got mad. I responded, "there is nothing stopping you from going to the class. I can take care of myself. I don\'t mind walking into the class late. This situation is no one\'s fault and I cannot hurry any faster."', 'Needless to say she did not like my reply. She said she was waiting on me for us to take our luggage to the car. I stated, "I\'ll leave mine with the front desk. It\'s no big deal. You go on ahead & I\'ll catch up." She said "why do you want to do that?" I said so you don\'t have to wait on me. With that I took my stuff and headed out the door to the elevator. She got very angry at me because she had to pull the luggage cart by herself. When she got into the elevator she said I was acting like a child and started yelling at me. I said "do not yell at me," twice. Then she said "you can find your own way home." She had driven to the training class. I did not say anything to her after that!', 'Again after this flare up, she went back to being nice, with a slight cold shoulder. I simply ignored it and acted like nothing had happened. However, during our drive home, I was talking with my husband on the phone, she said, I want to talk with him and took it. She proceeded to tell him about our disagreement, not in details, but to let him know we had an argument! I thought this very odd and inappropriate!', "I'm really at a loss here. I have never run across an adult who acts like this in the workplace. I have encountered these people socially, but once I find them out, I try not to associate with them again.  ", 'Can anyone help me? I do not know what to do or what to say to this person when she acts like a child bully. She really upsets me by her inappropriate behavior and it appears she has been doing this for a very long time both professionally and personally with her family and friends. ', 'My concern now is her latest tactic -- intimidation and bullying with her words. I am not a passive person. Those who know me know I speak my mind. But in this situation, I do not know what to say simply because she makes me angry with her actions and words and I get emotional. I am trying my best not to react or say anything because I know it will do no good. My goal has been to try and get along with her so that we have a professional work relationship but I do not think this is working.', 'Any suggestions?', 'I could really use some help!
I was employed at a company for over four years as an Accounts Payable Coordinator. I have always been considered to be a loyal, considerate, helpful, productive employee. The first two years things went quite well; everyone seemed friendly enough. A new program was being rolled over within our department. A new position became available, but was never officially posted.', 'The department manager, my supervisor and one coworker was given special preference for formal training for the new Program. Training continued for a few months. The coworker that received the formal training decided to start delegating her new tasks onto me without any explanation from my supervisor. As an Accounts Payable Coordinator, I was always busy with a full schedule. Oct 2006, I was approached at my cubicle after hours by the coworker involved with the new training. I was verbally harassed both professionally and personally. Stating that I should quit my job and find work elsewhere and added nasty remarks concerning my daughter. I was so humiliated and stunned by her rudeness, that I did not take notice of any witnesses. The following morning the issue was all ready explained in full to management by the rude coworker. Everything was twisted as though I had been the harassing party.', 'A few meetings took place without me and then I was asked to attend with a simple request, asking me to "just let it go".', 'March of 2007, the department manager turned in her resignation. For another year and a half I was constantly being antagonized by several coworkers forming there own "mobbing" type group. Creating traps, constant child like games throwing elastics & paperclips. Deliberately forwarding unnecessary calls. My supervisor totally ignored this behavior. I did go to H.R. and reported that my work environment was becoming somewhat hostile. My car had been egged in the parking lot. I was written up unfairly for unrealistic pettiness by my supervisor which ended up with an unfair performance review.', 'May 2008, I was walking around the business park during my lunch break and was nearly run down by the coworker that harassed me. She just so happened to be leaving the company parking lot going the wrong way through a one-way exit ramp where I was walking at that exact moment.', 'I was given a 30 day warning from my supervisor on May 13th. On June 6th, I was set-up by two of my coworkers who were attempting to arouse me creating a no-fail way to get me fired. One coworker requested documentation from me that I did not have. I gave an honest answer, but I was still accused of being a liar. Standing there with her hands on her hips and would not leave my work area. Another coworker actually threatened to punch me out later that same day, for simply agreeing with a statement that was directed to her by another supervisor. On Friday, June 13th, I was unfairly terminated for misconduct.', 'My job loss was 8 weeks after the loss of an elderly parent. I tried to go back to work full time but could not function properly due to the fact that I was suffering with severe depression. I tried to reopen an unemployment claim and got denied. I appealed and was approved, then somehow was denied again. I am now going through another appeal. I did file a formal complaint with MCAD but that was denied recently stating that I did not have enough evidence proving discrimination. Should I mention; civil rights, employer retaliation? whistle blower? Dirty politics... system failure.', "I have not had an income since mid December 2008. I do need trustworthy assistance as soon as possible. I'm so confused. Where is the support when it is really needed? So this is America?
Need help... hoping someone will have advice. This is an emotionally charged situation, so objectivity is the key for me. There are other workers in this particular organization who are feeling "unheard" and vulnerable. Because I had previously been a manager in this organization, I am very familiar with the hierarchy, and have suggested in every instance that the employees approach the general manager to voice concerns and work to resolve the stressful situations they find themselves in. (with HR dept. being the last resort to contact, as any good manager will want a chance to resolve the complaint first) When I approached the general manager with concerns, I was told that "this is not a good day to discuss these issues". There was no follow up to my request to discuss my concerns. ', 'My situation is critical, as I am off on sick leave and being treated by my family doctor for clinical depression, brought on as a direct result of work place stress. I have worked for the company for 8 yrs, and have always rec\'d good annual reviews, and would have been considered a very productive and valuable contributing member of the team. When the management team underwent changes, and new members replaced existing managers, there seemed to be a concerted effort to "replace" those of us who were part of the "past" team. When I ', 'received my performance review, it was extremely poor, with a "needs improvement" rating.', 'I was shocked by this and in fact felt as if I was being penalized unfairly because I had voiced concerns a few months earlier to our HR dept. The supervisor actually sited this as part of the problem... my being resistant to following the "chain of command." I refused to sign the document without reading it for myself first, and asked for a copy to review. I was not given the chance to read it nor was I given a copy of the review.', 'I am trapped in this situation, due to the poor performance evaluation I cannot be transferred and I can barely meet the criteria of my job now, as this supervisor delegates unrealistic task completion times, or includes job duties that I am not normally requested to do. Again I am feeling as if they are deliberately trying to force me out. Due to restructuring at our corporate level, the people whom I would normally liaise with are no longer in that position. (or they were not available at that time) ', 'I desperately need advice, as I need to return to work, but am extremely anxious that my situation will be made worse, especially in view of my sick leave, and the fact that nothing has been resolved on my behalf. ', 'What are my rights? How can I protect myself from bullying or abuse of power by this group of management? I have always been a hard working productive team member... until these past few months where I am categorized as NOT meeting my job requirements, by these new members (with whom I directly report to) This has seriously affected my health, and I am very worried about my future.', 'Any help is greatly appreciated, and I thank you for taking the time to respond.
Over the course of 17 years of employment at a hospital, I was on the receiving end of bullying, harrassment and descrimination at the hands of not only my coworkers, but from management as well.', "The first person that I will aquaint you with, let's call her Sharon, was the first to initiate the attack. Sharon is a control freak. What Sharon can't control, Sharon will destroy. Sharon was the self appointed leader of our department lemings. As long as you subscribed to her manner of thinking and behaving, you were set. If, however, you chose not to agree with her, or if you worked at an equal or better level than she did, you signed your own death warrant. ", "Sharon would love to ridicule you behind your back to her followers. She would spread rumors about your having an affair with a married coworker, even though it wasn't true. She would tell the supervisor that you were shirking work duties even though you were doing twice the work of anyone else there. She would give you the worst work to do and save the easy jobs for her cronies. She would constantly criticize your work even though the doctors found it to be more than adequate. ", 'Sharon, however, liked to bend the rules a lot. She would her timecard on a regular basis to pad her paycheck. When I discovered this and told management, they did nothing, even though hospital policy stated that this was grounds for immediate dismissal. I took this all the way to the top and nobody would fire her. ', "Another bully, let's call her Faith, was even worse. Faith was so moody. The entire department was affected by her moods. If she was in a foul mood, everyone paid the price. She would snap and snarl at everyone and we all had to stay out of her way. When I would not let her push me around, she started a one woman campaign to make my life miserable. ", 'Because I work in a hospital, any medical care that I receive there is open to anyone\'s perusal, despite electronic monitoring. I was going to have elective surgery for a knee problem, and before I had my surgery, I had an MRI done. Apparently, the minute my scan was done, the MRI technologist who did the procedure, made a point to go and tell Faith that my scan was "normal". Faith proceeded to tell the entire department that my scan was "normal" and that I didn\'t really need surgery. I was just looking for a way to get off work for a few weeks. ', "My daughter works in that same department and came home the night after my scan was done and said that people knew my results. I hadn't even heard from my doctor yet, so the only way that everyone knew was because Faith took the information that MRI tech gave her and spread it around. ", 'This is a HIPPA violation. Because it was done with malice for the sole purpose of maligning my character, it was a firing offense. Not only that, because the the nature of the violation, Faith could also be fined and/or jailed for this. The hospital did nothing. However, the hospital chose to write my daughter up for discussing my results, even though by law, she was the only one allowed to do that. They sent me a clear warning to cease and desist. I got it.', "A new department supervisor came on board a few years ago. This person, let me call her Julie, was hired to do a job that I was qualified to do. I was not considered for it because of the department politics. I realized that I'd never be promoted, so I resigned myself to just being a good employee and doing my best for whatever person was hired for that job.", 'When Julie was hired, she was told by Faith that I was a troublemaker and that I was a consummate liar. Julie knew that I had done her job in the past and was passed over for promotion, so she felt threatened by this. She did everything she could to make sure that I knew that she was the boss. She micromanaged me and regularly lied to the manager about me. I caught her in a few lies and went to management about them, but nothing was done. ', "Our hospital had a program by which patients could recognize an employee that gave them superior service. I received hundreds of these awards. Julie commented regularly how she never gets them from patients, and pretty soon, the program went away in our department. The excuse given was that the supervisor didn't want the patients to confuse the awards with the satisfaction surveys that were sent to them. ", 'I had asked repeatedly over the years to get the training in some of the procedures that our department does. These procedures are part of our job descriptions, but nobody would train me. Finally, after I went to the doctor that oversaw our department, I got the training that I needed. However, every time I would start one of the procedures, Julie would come in and take over, making me look inept to the patient. ', "Finally, last fall, Julie started a series of events that finally culminated in my termination. She misunderstood something that I had said and decided to start disciplinary actions against me. When I was taken into the manager's office, Julie literally told me that if I had made her mad, so she started looking for everything she could use to get me in trouble. This was said in front of the manager. Even after I explained what I had said and how it was misunderstood, nobody seemed to care. The manager allowed her to go ahead with the witch hunt, even though it was based upon lies. I was told that this was the first of the three events that will be used for termination. ", "Hospital policy states that if I did something that was against policy, that I was first supposed to receive a verbal warning. That didn't happen. Moreover, I didn't do anything that was in violation of hospital policy. ", "A month later, I went on vacation only to find that I was set up during my absence for another discplinary action. I supposedly didn't properly document something, that EVERYONE fails to do on a daily basis, with Julie being the biggest offender. I was brought to Human Resources with the department manager and was told that one more incident, which could be absolutely anything would result in my termination. When I explained to HR that I had not violated any policy and that the person accusing me of this was the worst offender of all, it was ignored. Again, no verbal warning was issued. ", 'The final incident was when a patient failed to have the proper order for an examination. She got through scheduling, registration and our own receptionist without anyone realizing this. By the time I finished taking care of her, I discovered that the order was missing. Department policy is to obtain a written order within 24 hours if given a verbal over the phone. This was done and everything was in order. However, this incident was used as my final offense and I was terminated. ', "Even when I pointed out to Human Resources that the hospital failed to follow its own policies and procedures when Sharon and Faith weren't fired for outright firable offences, and that the hospital did not follow its own policy regarding my issues, they simply ignored me.", 'It never occurred to anyone that nobody gets through 17 years of employment with excellent yearly evaluations only to come up short over a span of three months for no apparent reason. ', 'The bullying continued as the hospital denied me unemployement compensation. Even the appeal process for the termination and unemployment issue was a waste of time. The appeal process is in place only to meet EEOC requirements. ', "I spoke with three different employment law attorneys, and they all said that I should sue simply because the hospital didn't follow their own policy. This is all well and good, but 6 months later, I am still unemployed and cannot afford to sue.   ", "The hospital's effective bullying, toxic and hostile work environment has cost me my livelihood, reputation and will eventually cost me my home if I do not find work soon.
Hi, my name is Cathy. I worked for the public service for nearly 30 years. A member of management made a sexual advance toward me about 2 yrs into my career. When I rejected him, he started to build up a file on me culminating in him actually physically removing my desk from the office and going to more senior levels of management to say he had no longer any work for me to do.', 'My desk was removed to a storeroom, with dusty files, a photocopier, very little light or ventilation and no phone. When I went to my union they advised me to take a transfer to another department!! I refused to do this and eventually was accommodated within the same building. Shortly after this I took a career break.', 'When I returned a similar pattern of behaviour occurred, allegations being made by him that I was not doing my job properly, introducing new members of staff to everyone in the room but me etc etc. Eventually I went to a solicitor/lawyer and he received a letter by registered post. The bullying then stopped for a few years although he still would not speak to me.', 'Then I got a promotion and he became my immediate supervisor again. I got no help or training from him in my new post and after a few months, the whole pattern began again. My work was given to other members of staff to do on an overtime basis and I could see that I was heading off in the same direction again.', 'When I complained to two senior members of management, it was suggested, politely at first, that I transfer to another section. What started out as a polite suggestion manifested itself into an order and within a few months I was told that if I did not voluntarily transfer, I would be removed from my job and that it would take a ministerial order to reinstate me!! All this while my supervisor continues with his daily work, unaware and untouched by the whole thing!', 'I went off on sick leave for almost a year and had the bullying investigated by an independant body, the conclusion of which was that yes indeed I had been bullied and harrassed. I had engaged the services of a lawyer again and when we got the report back I was told that I had a huge action for damages against my employer. Money however was not a huge motivational factor for me, although I am not wealthy. I wanted these people to be held accountable.', 'Back at work for nearly two years, I could see no visible improvement in the behaviour of my employers and I decided to take an action against them. It took 2 years and a High Court order for them to produce their evidence. All in all it took nearly 7 years for the case to be listed, at which point I was informed by my lawyers that the courts were now inundated with bullying cases, that this was not my fault, but that I would be taking a huge risk having the case heard and would have to settle it.', 'My employers would only agree to a settlement on the grounds of me taking early retirement. And still the perpetrators remain in their jobs, some of them in senior management have had several promotions since all this started.', 'I feel so hurt, angry and bitter over this whole experience. It has left me with no faith whatsoever in the judicial system or in any sense of fairness or justice. I had to leave my job. Why? What did I do? I am a single parent struggling on one income, now reduced by approximately two thirds, and these people can stay in their jobs, have no accountability and even get rewarded for their bad behaviour. I am thinking of writing a book.', 'Meanwhile I would advise anyone in a similar situation to get the hell out while you still have your health and your sanity. I thought I would get justice and maybe prevent other people having to go through the same hell that I went through but nothing could have been further from the truth. Anyhow that is my story, sorry that it is not more upbeat, but I am just telling it like it is.
I have worked for a while in a school, when a parent complained about me to management about me being rude to her.  When the office manager told me this she refused to tell me what I had said and yet to this day will not tell me why I was so rude.', 'A few years ago some parents made up a rumour about me saying things about the manager which I had no idea about until a close friend of mine had told me. They - management seem not to tell me anything that goes on and criticise me every so often it cheeses me off.', 'With the latest drama I still am worried and having panic attacks of what will happen each day when I go to work. Management avoid talking to me unless necessary, and always seem to back up parents and not their staff.
Hi There, glad I found this site. I joined a company in Leicester Square London via an agency last September. The company specialises in interactive design and as a senior designer I was very excited and keen to join. ', 'My interview was a two stage process, the first with the creative director who at that point seemed very amiable and keen to get me on board. The second part of the interview was with two other key members of staff and personnel manager who were very eager to stress what a fun and dynamic place it was to be. ', 'During the two month wait to begin this role, I turned down another offer of employment, thinking that based on the nature of the interview and (fairly one-sided)  contract, that this would be the best option at that stage in my career.', "On starting the role, I couldn't help but notice that the whole place felt 'weird'. It seemed that the other members of the team just did not talk, at all. The only voices to be heard was from the aforementioned creative director and his sidekick who was soon to go off on maternity leave. Oddly, his personality had completely changed from when I had the first interview. He would shout at other team members and belittle them as much and as loudly as possible in the open plan office. I heard him questioning one of his staff as to 'what they actually did!!'. It took all my strength not to ask him the same question. ", "Anyway, my first major project was very much out of the scope of what I was employed to do. The brief to produce a print brochure for a very high profile client. I made the point that my skills in this area were at best limited, but I was told to just 'crack on' and see how it went. This was to form one part of a series of supremely badly project-managed tasks given to me and all with frankly ridiculous timescales. To cut a very long story short. The project, which had good feedback from the client, was hauled over the coals internally, despite the fact that I had not been given one jot of support in it's two week execution. The team I had corralled to help with the work in their various capacities did an excellent job... to my specification... and were payed compliments by my boss for their efforts. I, however,  was rewarded with a mini-tribunal in which I had to do a fully autopsy of the project to this man who now looked like he actually hated me. His beady eyes nearly popping out of his head in rage. It was depressing and soul destroying as I felt it was going very well based on the feedback of the client and the project-manager who seemed to always either be on holiday or 'at a conference'. ", "In subsequent weeks, I was made to print out copies of all the design work that I had carried out and have daily meetings to dissect my work. Meanwhile, the alcoholic, who sat as part of that team was free to roll in after two hour lunches absolutely reeking of beer and mints to produce some of the most most uninspired work I've ever seen.", "By my second month of employement, a good morning was greeted with stoney silence. Day in and day out, I would just sit and listen to the latest crop of homophobic and ill-informed nonsense from the fat boss and the even more hateful tech director. It was maddening, but I'm thick skinned enough to get through the day and roll with the punches. I was never invited out on lunchbreaks, except by two much more junior colleagues whom I had befriended. They were both puzzled as to why I was always being dragged off to meeting rooms for 'talks'. So was I.", 'One two occasions, I was made to stay and make changes to a project while the cleaners swept up and turned the lights off around me. I can do a fourteen hour day with best of them but this just seemed like a silly punishment. The work could have easily been completed the following day. I began to develop a deep hatred for my boss. I became aware that many people had nothing good to say about him and I began to wish I had taken the other job offer... by this point it was too late.', "I made a decision to confront HR to ask why I was getting no support or positive feedback for ANYTHING and I mean ANYTHING that I did. I'm not lazy or incompetent. I have worked at bigger and more-established companies and tend to be well regarded and thus stay for a number of years. The HR said she would look into it.", "The very next day, I was called into a meeting room for a 'catch-up', there sat said HR with the creative director (my boss). He informed me that I had failed the probation at which point the HR walked me to my desk and made me pick up my belongings. I was then frogmarched out of the building, all the while being asked 'are you okay?'. 'Er yeah, I'm f*cking great!' I thought. I walked out of the building into the lunchtime sun feeling like I had just been assaulted.", 'I am now out of work and fear that this has made a seriously negative impact on my CV. I still have no clue as to how I inspired so much hatred from my boss. :(
I was hired over a 1 yr ago into a small office; upon my hire all my fellow employees each in their own way warned me about a fellow employee who was a bully. It was considered a right of passage to go through being the object of her disdain, as she did it to all the new female hires. I was warned to "do the hard thing and put up with it", "ride it out", etc.', "The other two women in the office see themselves as peacemakers, where really one of them just doesn't like the boat rocked. They don't want to hear the bully fuss, so I am told. If I file, do mail or anything the bully normally does not to tell her, because of the stink she raises. I am not included in any office talks, and I am not talking gossip sessions, I mean things work related. To include me, means she won't participate and she complains and fusses. So, I am excluded and often they have set me up because of this.", 'A recent retirement party that was supposed to be semi formal was changed by the ladies at the last minute, who forgot to tell me they were wearing dress slacks and sweaters. I wore a below the knee velvet dress and stood out like a sore thumb.', 'I have had it, I have been to management who just want us to get along, which means I have to take it and not say anything, not fight, not do anything. It is so bad if I have a fax forwarded attention my name she has a fit, running to management that i am not following procedure. Then they question me as to what came in w/my name... Help I want to quit...
I work in a close, busy environment with other health professionals, clients and their friends and families.', 'A couple have been working in our unit for a few years. It seems to me that having a man and wife working together has not been good for morale of most of the other staff in the unit.', 'This couple seems to have disproportionate power, in that they back one another up and they simply make decisions without regard to others. Other staff have "joined" this couple, and so there exists a situation of some in the loop with power and some outside the loop without power.', 'All sorts of things have happened, such as taking leave without it being recorded; using the workplace vehicle for private purposes; going to lunch together regardless of the needs of the unit.', 'I have looked on the internet for information about power abuses by couples who work together in the workplace.
I am a cosmetology student in an adult program. Heck, I'm almost 30 years old! My story starts with a client. A women in my class had a regular client. One day she was absent and I worked on the client... After that, the client decided to stay with me. She always requested me. The original student who worked on this client, we'll call her Denise, was angry about this. From that moment on Denise has spread terrible rumors about me and continues to go out of her way to make my life miserable.", "She now erases my clients from the appointment books. Denise is very sneaky and tricks people into thinking she is innocent. One day I went into the parking lot and discovered someone had written an obcenity on my car with eyeliner. A few weeks ago she claimed that someone stole her blue nail file. She marched around like a child and insisted on going through everyone's things. I happen to own a blue nail file (which she saw me using earlier that day on a client). Even though mine did not match the description she had given everyone for the missing file, she insinuated that I had stolen hers. Now her little groupies treat me like a theif.", "School is very stressful and there is a lot of tension, gossip, and dirty looks. I can't believe this is happening to me as an adult. This week Denise has moved on and is now targeting a different classmate. The school will do nothing about this.
About two years ago I offered my services as a volunteer to a Brussels based NGO, the deal was that I would work to procure EU Commission funded research project and work as the Research Officer for this organisation to support the manager. I was successful in procuring three projects which meant funding of around 250,000 Euros from which I would receive a salary. All went well until the funding came in. ', 'The first problem started with the contract. I requested that an expert in EU projects be consulted to ensure that the appropriate contract was drawn up, instead I was offered a "homespun" document, which I refused to sign and this problem continued throughout the period of my involvement with this organisation. Effectively I worked as a "contractor", which meant I paid my own National Insurance. ', 'My time was constantly called upon to provide voluntary assistance as well as the work I was expected to do within the projects. I suppose the biggest problem was a lack of boundaries and clarity of what I was expected to do, both within the projects and in a voluntary capacity. ', 'The organisation in Brussels represents a number of national organisations throughout Europe and the manager is overseen by a voluntary president and representatives of these organisations. There is an Executive Committee in which a smaller number of representatives are selected to ensure that the finances and general political management run smoothly. ', 'Within a month of commencing the projects, I resigned, because I believed that the decisions of the manager were at the very least questionable. For example, she wanted to use personal data from one of the projects for the benefit of the organisation, however this would have contravened the agreement with the project consortium and data protection laws. I made my views clear and was shouted at. At a meeting of the representatives she presented her concept which would have meant my involvement in carrying out surveys, analysis and writing reports as a volunteer and she informed the representatives that I did not agree, without giving me the opportunity to explain why. ', 'Over the next year, she interfered in my work and made it very difficult for me to simply get on and do my job. I have a PhD in Social Research, so I guess I know my job and I found it very difficult to work with a person with no qualifications in this field, that kept trying to control me and my work. ', 'In August last year she presented a diagram to the Executive committee in which she outlined my position and the work she expected me to do - as a volunteer - which was completely separate from the work I was doing within the projects. I objected and commented that as a matter of courtesy she could have asked first. Her response was to bang her hand on the table, shout at me and then to the Executive "I hate this f*cking federation". Some of the Executive committee felt that I was to blame because I created tension. Shortly after this, there were discussions within the Executive meeting to decide what to do, which included appointing a working group to find a solution, the result of this working group was to support the manager. As a consequence, the president and technical officer resigned and there was a rift within the Executive Committee. ', 'In November last year, I was invited to a meeting with the Accountant and was asked to revise the invoicing system and was told what was required - which was to increase the amount that I claimed. I was somewhat perplexed as to what this meant and said that I would not do anything illegal and I was assured that this would not be the case.', ' ', "Shortly after this, I sent the Administration Officer my timesheet and was asked to change the hours I worked to lower number, so that they could claim the remaining hours from the EU Commission for the organisation - this was to overcome the difference that was needed to cover the portion that the organisation had to fund. I refused and this lead to a discussion with the president and others in the Executive committee. The President agreed with me. Finally the manager and Administration Officer believed that it was appropriate to use project funding to cover my expenses to attend the organisation's internal meetings and a conference (which had nothing to do with the specific project). I was told that this was acceptable and while I believed them in the first instance (and consequently signed the claims sheet), I later asked for confirmation from the consortium and was informed (in writing) that this was not acceptable. ", 'I informed the Executive committee and submitted a grievance against the manager. ', 'I was asked to attend a meeting and when I asked what would be discussed, I was told that my grievance would be discussed along with other issues - "outside my role as Research Officer". I asked that any issues be sent to me in writing in order for me to prepare myself, but none were forthcoming. In the meantime, the manager had sent out reports criticising me to all the representatives, to which I replied to defend myself, including my concerns about the submission of expense claims.', 'At an Executive meeting in February this year the two issues of altering time sheets and submitting claims for expenses was discussed. The majority of the Executive committee agreed that it was unacceptable to alter timesheets. However, they agreed that the expense claims from project funding to cover my attendance at organisational meetings and a conference should be submitted - their view was that it was worth trying, even if the claims might be refused. I resigned and informed the Executive Committee that I wanted my objections recorded in the minutes of the meeting, but they were not. Instead I was later contacted and asked to sign a retrospective contract to appease the EU Commission project officer (due to the fact that my initial advice was not taken and the manager had screwed up) dating from six months before I became their Research Officer, I refused. ', ' ', "I felt that I was targeted by some of the representatives including the new president, due to historical factional issues within the organisation. I certainly felt bullied, undermined and belittled by the manager and as a result I became physically ill. I know I can't do anything about this, but just being able to write it and let others read it, helps.
Recently I have been a target of bullying in the work place I\'ve been called things like "too nice, phony, sneaky etc" When I first started working at my job I felt as if my co-workers were my second family. I spend half the day with them and they all seemed so friendly. Little did I know they were all talking about me behind my back jealousy could of been the target I\'m not really sure.', 'One day I was called into a director\'s office and said that it was bought to her attention by a very "reliable source" that I had been looking through my bosses desk but the source would not be named and I was told if it happened again I\'d be fired. But I did not understand why the only person who had seen me do this was that source mind you there are cameras everywhere I work because I work with children and its a precaution. Cameras didn\'t capture me nothing did then I spoke to my boss and he said that the person who informed the director had been a part of the company for years since they had been an infant.', 'My coworkers continued to talk negatively of me and I was constantly being harassed at work. I informed my boss he said he could not do anything because the coworkers who literally me had been there longer than he could not confront them.', "Two weeks later a coworker of mine said that I had been speaking negatively about her daughter. She literally stood no less than 2 inches in front of my face and directly humiliated me in front of all the children I work with. I broke into tears. I later talked to my boss once again and he said this too shall pass. It's a constant issue and I do not know what to do. I'm stressed out and I cry a lot more often. It's becoming mentally unhealthy for me.
I am incredibly disillusioned at what I thought were two very close coworker/friends' behavior. This is long and I apologize but you'll need some details.", 'Our circle was comprised of three of us:', "- A male RN who started only a week after me. Married mid 30's to a social worker who is currently the manager of a store and works the nightshift so they rarely see each other from what he says. Kids: yours, mine and ours situation.", "- A female social worker who started several months after the two of us. Married mid 30's, kids. Constantly talks about how hubs doesn't care about her or her feelings blah, blah. We all have equal positions in the workplace but promotions are forthcoming as the department is growing like crazy.", '- Me a social worker 50 y/o single, grown kids, date occasionally yada yada.', 'Yes, there is an age discrepancy, but I have friends (wait.. what the hell am I saying???) of varied ages so this is not unusual at all.', 'They sit side-by-side in a cubicle with no wall separating them BUT in a very public space that is on the way to the only printer so anyone can see what everyone does. I sit in a totally different area down the hall.', "Things were fun, constant and reliable among us. We went to lunch together (others would very often join), IM'ed throughout the day, texted sometimes... you know the drill. They would each confide in me on occasion. He confided that he has a crush on the other girl but would never act on it. She confided about a current eating disorder and that years ago she caught hubs doing someone else in their very own home (I woulda just killed the both of their skanky asses and been done with that whole deal, but that's me). I have never broken those confidences to anyone or either one of them. They were told in confidence for god's sake!", 'I gradually started feeling uncomfortable because I felt that I was being used as an audience for them to act out their playfulness and other subtle PDAs. They started not inviting me to lunch, breaks, etc and saying things to each other, yet in front of me like "..and you KNOW what I mean (wink)!" I began noticing them sitting in secluded places by themselves; sitting face to face outside in the gardens (18 story glass building.. HELLOOOOOOO???)', "Eventually other coworkers began asking me why we weren't hanging out much anymore and if something was going on with them. I responded that I was just trying to stay afloat of my work and have been busy. They also mentioned that they see them IM'ing each other all day (even when one of them is NOT at work), taking breaks and walks alone with each other, tickling, giggling, whispering, etc.", "Now, I don't know if anything is going on with them and I don't care. What I cared about is that others were starting to gossip about my friends. Well like a dummy, I thought a friend should give these other two a heads up and let them know that others were talking.", 'In the meantime... lord, can it get more complicated than this??? YES! Before all of this mess happened, the female was CONSTANTLY asking me or mouthing to me across a conference room... "Are you OK??" Others would even turn around to see if something was going on. Or ask me in front of others, "What\'s wrong? You have really dark circles under your eyes are you ok? Have you been crying?". Uh NOOOO I have a freakin medical condition and for the love of god, I am aging THANK YOU for pointing that out to everyone who is standing within earshot!', 'MY BOSS has even expressed her concern because she (the other girl) is my friend and feels that something is wrong so surely I might need to talk. HOLY CRAP!', "So... feeling like she has now reached Level-One stalker status, I asked her to please stop asking me if I'm ok. Thanked her for her concern, but if I need to talk, I'll let her know.", 'Now they have completely turned on me by stating that I am trying to get them fired! I cannot see how, first of all, this would get them fired. Talked to, yeah, but not fired. Anyway, secondly... I cant see how me GOING DIRECTLY to them could in anyway be perceived as trying to get them fired. I could see if I had gone to management OR participated in the gossip but that is NOT what I did. I am so confused at their reaction. This happened two weeks ago and here I am posting on this website trying to figure it out two freakin weeks later on a Sunday afternoon when I could be doing other things.', "So tomorrow morning in an attempt to step out of this 6th Grade drama triangle, I'll go to work and watch while these two are nuveaux super-duper-peachy friendly to other coworkers to quickly gather their 'team' (all of this said with the utmost sarcasm and mockery. Ugh!). He has told others that I am trying to get them fired, and she has told some folks to not come over and sit at my desk because I am too busy to socialize. I have no idea what else anyone is being told or even freakin WHY this has become such an issue. I thought it should be dealt with quickly and quietly. Me, who at 50 years old, is clearly a total IDIOT and have no understanding of how the world works!", "Now I wonder about fairness from the female who audits my charts (yet she's an equal so I don't get that). She used to give me a heads up if there was a problem so I could fix any problems. Haven't heard anything THIS month!", "And he, who is being groomed for management of our department (and thinks I'm trying to get him fired... GREAT!).", "Someone PLEASE soothe me AND give me some honest feedback even if its not pleasant. I want to hear it and you can't possibly hurt me any more than these two have!
I worked in a lovely, small nursing home for 12 1/2 years. For many years, I loved it. I had my own staff and could create programming however I wanted. It was a lot of work, but I was happy except... that there always seemed to be somebody who was verbally abusive about something. And there was another big issue. The boss had divorced his wife to marry one of his subordinates. They "claimed" that this did not affect their work relationship, but the truth was that she ruled the place. If she had a fuss about somebody, it was believed 100% no matter how crazy it was or if it was detrimental to the people we served. Because of the fear, the culture of the facility deteriorated. Not only was bullying protected (because he couldn\'t call out anyone who did the same things as his wife) but it was rewarded. ', 'The real beginning of the end for me came when I asked for more staff and one of my co-workers forced a claim on the position I was asking for. I did get the position, but to make it fair (Huh!) I then had to hire the person she wanted into my department. This was someone I knew and had learned to trust (She came from sales. What a mistake!) so I thought it would be alright. Little did I know that those two were "best friends" and there was a plan. ', "Everything was fine until the end of this individual's probationary period. Then the isolation and the picking, the passive-aggressive behaviors began. I didn't realize until later, that whenever I was out, they would hold gripe sessions against me to get everyone else mad at me. Even my supervisor manipulated me. The funny thing was that I thought the problems were being caused by one of my other staff -- a very narcissisitic sort of person, but previously very harmless. I didn't realize it was my newest employee (who has the same degree as I do by the way). Her goal was to convince everyone else how awful I was, while she would be seen as the nice one who everyone could get along with. She was setting me up as a bad guy (her projection) while she positioned herself to take my job and my 12 years of work and development for herself. ", 'I have a journal from that time. There\'s an entry about how I was holding my weekly staff meeting one day and wondering who this person would show up as... By this time, I was on to the game. Here\'s the way she played it: First, she would do something that made a problem for me. This was a passive way of picking a fight because I would have to respond to it. Then she would have a temper tantrum and act in a completely irrational way. Then, she would go to my superiors and act innocent about the "horrible things" I had done to her and the other staff. Because she had gotten the bosses wife on her side, no one would question what she said. ', 'Back to the staff meeting. This employee had 3 outward personalities. It was Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. In this case, there were two Hydes. She would show up at meetings as one or the other. Hyde #1 was a "sullen teenager." She would sit off from the group and not participate, staring at the floor. If asked her thoughts, she\'d just say "That\'s fine" in a whiny voice. Other meetings she would show up as an "angry 5-year-old", sitting right up front with the other staff with her arms folded across her chest and this smirky grin on her face. Anytime I would ask for the feedback of the group she would call out "no" as sharply as she could to shut off all communication. (I have a 5-year-old granddaughter by the way and I can tell you that there is a 6-month period where kids do this EXACT behavior.) How bizzare to see this in a 40-year-old woman!', "So, on this particular day I thought, who will she show up as? And, how can anyone in their right mind behave like this and have any self-respect? It was then that I realized that I was dealing with someone with no conscience. Just like Dr. Jekyll to Mr. Hyde. Despite the fact that they were manifestations of the same person, Jekyll used Hyde to do his dirty work but then took no responsibility for him. My God, what do you do as a manager in a situation like that? Well, I decided my only option was to report it to the higher ups, which I did with plenty of documentation. When I showed it to the administrator and asked for his assistance, he said that he would have to talk to this other employee. Well, apparently she had a laundry list of complaints about me...none of it substantiated. In fact, the list really wasn't even complaints, but vindictive judgments and projections. ", 'Well, when it came time for me to meet with the administrator again, he said that he was taking this employee away from me. With an "I gotcha" smile on his face, he listed her judgments against me and stated that they had to be facts because there had been "complaints" about my management style the entire time I had worked there! (Wow! Thanks for telling me a little late.) Of course, none of this was about me. It was about his wife who wanted me to be replaced by "Dr. Jekyll", who was more "popular". It had nothing to do with work or the well-being of the people we cared for. It was about his wife. ', 'Well, of course, then everyone knew that I had had an employee taken out of my department for my supposed "incompetence" as a manager. (But I knew who the REAL incompetent manager was.) Then, everyone wanted to take a chunk out of me. The authority and the respect I had garnered over the years was suddenly up for grabs to whoever could be the meanest or could get others to believe that my work should be dismantled. Fortunately, I had had the foresight to start looking for a new position several months before. After a particularly bad interaction with my narcissitic subordinate who cried and cried because I didn\'t make her needs #1 and didn\'t treat her like she was more special than everyone else (another person in her 40\'s, by the way), I looked up at the sky and said, "God, get me out of here, these people are insane." Two hours later I got the offer for the position I wanted! When I left, only a couple of people said good-bye, but, you know what? I didn\'t care. Who wants to be someplace where people are insane?', "But the story doesn't end here. Several months into my new job, I had an experience with post-traumatic stress. Fortunately, I recognized what it was and was able to get past it with help from the right professionals. Hypnotherapy was particularly helpful. ", 'I also was led to start reading the literature about workplace bullying. I had no idea that my experience was so common. Words like mobbing and serial bullying really hit me between the eyes. It was such a relief.', 'I also started meeting people who had worked with my "three-headed snake" in other jobs. No one had had such a bad experience, but the stories about childish behavior were the same. One guy even called her a "bizarre freak". Boy, I had been so fooled.', "So, now its almost 2 years later. I'm realizing that I have many opportunties at my new job to build something else new and exciting. And I work in a healthy environment. Its not that there aren't bullies. The difference is that when they show up, it is stopped right away. If the bully is then not happy, they are not fired, but offered an undesirable transfer. That usually shapes them up or they ship out.", 'I have also realized that workplace bullying is not caused by individuals. My "3-headed snake" was not the cause of the bullying. Rather, it was the culture that allowed her to manifest bullying behavior and even rewarded her with more money, prestige and the fruits of my 12 years of hard work to develop that department. (Alright, so do you still detect a bit of bitterness?)', 'I\'ll admit that I\'m not done with resentment, but I did have an experience earlier in the week where I realized that I was not mad at the snake, but at my supervisor. After 12 years, she completely betrayed me. I reported to her on numerous occasions that I was being assaulted. She not only did nothing, but manipulated me into believing that she liked me and that she valued me as a friend. Then, when the big boss came down on me, she took no responsibility, despite the fact that I had carefully gotten her feedback on all my managerial decisions. I didn\'t really have any choice because she had taken away my ability to "write staff up", the only tool we had for disciplining staff. And guess why? She was afraid of being fired because the boss\'s wife liked my subordinate better than she liked me -- for more irrational reasons, I might add. Yeah, I did know I was being fed to the wolf, but had really stopped caring by that point.', 'So, tomorrow I am going to a session on "radical forgiveness". My goal is to be able to see this situation through the eyes of love. And why not? I do know that I am better off. And that\'s the truth. Thanks for listening.
I was bullied by a lecturer, since the first day. The most traumatising part was telling another lecturer and finding out that that he saw it as totally normal. "But the person is wild and evil", I said to him. He assured me it\'s normal. People then thought I was in love with this lecturer because I told him about it and not someone else. I thought he was a very logical and approachable man, but I was wrong. Very wrong. News of me being frightened of the wild lecturer spread, and some people scared me to "test" me. I have nothing left to say to anyone about the matter accept what Jesus said whilst he was cricified:', '"Forgive them God, for they know not what they do".', "I was a brilliant student topping the lists, and I feel betrayed. I had never been bullied so viciously before, my school was too good to have bullies around. But I remain strong, and at least I don't have it on my conscience that I bullied people like that. I will never stoop so low. Maybe that's why people hate me so much. Good Luck.
I was a 17 1/2 year employee at a hospital. I always got great evaluations and never thought that my job was in danger. I have received hundreds of accolades from patients, higher management, employees and doctors for my care. ', 'I am educated, well spoken and very knowledgable in my field. My patients have often commented on this and found it to be both helpful and comforting. ', 'I have been passed over for promotion many times, not allowed to cross train in other areas to be of better service to my department and have been subjected to ridicule with no recourse.', 'I am one of two people in my department that have actually gotten a college degree. I have learned over the years to not talk about this and not say too much about anything because of how others feel about it. ', 'Over the past several years, I had a coworker who routinely slandered me and encouraged other workers to engage in mobbing and bullying behavior. I know that she did this because I did more work than she did, that the doctors liked me more and that my patients liked me as much or more than they did her. ', "I went to management about this, but they were so intimidated by her bullying, that they just didn't seem to be able to reign her in. In time, they decided to discipline me in an effort to make me stop trying to hold them responsible and accountable to their own policies and procedures regarding this behavior.", 'This employee also violated my confidential medical information when I had surgery a few years ago in an effort to defame me in front of my coworkers. By law, this is a clear violation of HIPPA for the sole reason of malice. By law, this is not only a jailable offence, but also finable to the tune of thousands of dollars. The hospital would also have to take action in order to protect itself from sanctions.', "When I turned this employee in, they just swept it under the rug and made it clear that I was to stop trying to make them do the right thing. I knew that if I turned them into the feds, I'd lose my job. As a single parent, I got the message and shut my mouth.", "A couple of years later, a new supervisor came on board. She knew that I was the one who should have gotten the job and didn't because of politics. She also knew that I had a degree, had done this work even longer than she had and had had a management position in the past. Because she had no college education, she decided instantly that I was an enemy and proceeded to turn management against me. I took the micromanagement, criticsm and the endless stories of her personal issues and melodrama without comment or reaction. ", 'When her own performance came under fire, she decided to turn the attention away from her on to me instead. She set up a series of circumstances that ultimately led to my being fired. ', 'She never once followed hospital policy and procedure. I never broke one rule. I never disobeyed instructions. She even admitted in front of management that because she got mad at me one day, she deliberately went looking for anything and everything that she could possibly use to get me written up and disciplined. ', 'Management never batted an eye at what she said. I was subsequently written up without benefit of verbal warning. This happened because there never really was anything by policy that I could be warned about. I was written up under a lot of generalizations that could never be adequately substantiated. ', 'She proceeded to "find" other things to the point that I was told that literally one more thing would result in my termination. Again, not one of these so-called infractions were anything that were against hospital policy or departmental policy, but that was overlooked by management and Human Resources.', "Well, the one more thing happened. Someone failed to procure an order for a patient's examination. I had no reason to suspect that there wasn't an order and when I later discovered that it was never provided and took action to get it and make sure that all paperwork was in order, I was the one disciplined for another's mistake. Three days later, I was terminated for this.", 'Nobody thought about the fact that I always had stellar evaluations and never had issues with following policy and procedure. In thirty years of health care, I never, ever disobeyed orders or did anything that could even remotely be determined as detrimental to a patient or coworker.', 'I realized that management will always back management, regardless of how wrong they are. Because I work in an "at will" state, I have no real recourse for litigation, because one can be fired for anything and it can be made to stick.', 'Because of the lies and mechinations of dishonest coworkers, I have lost my job and the possibility of future employment. I can\'t even get unemployement because they are claiming misconduct, even though it was deemed "performance" issues by management. Regardless of documentation produced to obtain unemployment, the state backs the hospital\'s decision. ', 'I am going to lose my home and everything that I own. ', 'Thanks for listening to my story.
I have a most unusual story of bullying.', "It involves my local 'friendly' supermarket. I am a customer there and have been so for many years. Two women who have worked there for a long time seemed to decide that for some reason, they didn't like me and chose to ignore me or send me to Coventry. However, out of the two, there is one in particular who seems bent on causing trouble. She works at the checkout. The other just stacks shelves.", 'I am certain that the checkout operator gossips or says negative things about me, but there is no way I can prove it. All I do know is that, sometimes when she has been nearby opening bags and I have approached a checkout, the atmosphere seemed so icy you could have cut the air with a knife.', 'Also this particular checkout assistant has been unpleasant towards me and always walked away, or refused to help me with opening bags to put shopping in etc. In the end I thought I could solve the problem by simply staying away from her and using other checkouts, which I have been doing.', "Furthermore, I ignored such behaviour on the grounds that some shop staff simply are that way inclined, and you can't make friends with everybody, although I do try my hardest to be pleasant with everyone in there.", 'However, a few weeks ago, things took a decidedly nasty turn. I had not been visiting the store during the hours that these two people are working there. But one day I turned up when they were there, and I could see the checkout assistant staring at me as I walked through the door.', "I ignored her and carried on. But for the rest of that week whenever I went in there, they would seem to find every opportunity for walking past me and literally 'staring' me out until they passed by. And they were very unpleasant and unfriendly looks, as if designed to make me feel uncomfortable. The one who stacks the shelves even made a face at me by 'sneering' as she walked by and this happened on several occasions.", 'I got home and immediately phoned the Management and told them what was happening.', "The Manager seemed supportive and asked me who they were. I asked to remain anonymous as I didn't want to make things worse. He said they would get back to me but so far I have heard nothing.", 'However, I feel something has been said to them, since I am no longer getting the provocative glares, but they still ignore me or freeze me out, which is something I never expected to change.', 'I am not sure if the story will end there. I am now often using my supermarket at different hours, preferably to avoid them.', 'But one things worries me. I am wondering if they will get the evening staff to join in with their bullying behaviour. Although I remained anonymous when I reported them, they must have their suspicions that it was me. I cannot imagine they are doing this to anybody else, and things could get worse. ', 'S.
I've been a team manager for years. I'm confident, enthusiastic and give my best at work. I believe my boss, an executive, targetted me because of their own inadequacy. Shouting at me in the open office one day I filed a formal complaint. The company investigated, informally, and as there were no witnesses and a firm denial from them I was told to get on with it!", "For a month, whilst all the staff were invited for a 'chat' I sat at my desk enduring looks of pity or filth from everyone. Some people withdrew their normal friendliness. Then I was called to the office and threatened with disciplinary action by them. Retaliation for my complaint, I'm sure. I lost over 15 pounds in weight, couldn't sleep, would physically shake at the thought of going to work and got signed off with stress.", "I've since found out that my predecessor received similar treatment from them. They got away with it before and now due to a lack of recognition and action before me and the fear of taking action against someone 'high up' in such a small business and the implications of this my company have let me, the victim, down. How does that work?", "I will always in the future be aware of the awful 'side effects' of bullying for the victim. The exhaustion, distress, nausea, fear and knock in confidence it creates and how alone and helpless you can feel is so detrimental to your well-being.", 'No job is worth this and your health and belief in yourself are key to being able to function to your best.
It took me a year to realize what was going on where I worked. My self confidence wasn't there anymore and I went from working five days a week to three. This shop was booth rental so I was trying to avoid working with a certain coworker.There was alot of emotional abuse and mind games. It was hidden though. The owner of the shop was only there one day a week, because he worked at his other shop in Columbus the rest of the time. So the bully got away with more. Thanks to sites like this one I was able to realize what was happening to me. I did leave that shop and went to another one. I couldn't be around that person, they were draining me. I am better now, but I still have some trust issues. I know what to watch for now, but I don't know what to do so I don't become a target again.
For over 1 year I have had to deal with a supervisor whom I "inherited" when my original supervisor resigned after 17 years with the company.', "He wasn't familiar with my duties or the department and when I tried to explain it he would never take notes and he would become defensive. When all this first started, I had worked with the company for only 4 months and I relied on 2 specific people to help answer my questions, but then I was told by the supervisor to no longer contact them and I was to ask him questions and what he says goes.", 'Then in meetings he would say things about the owner and his son and when I tried to let the owner be aware of the statements, they were denied and the supervisor came into my office and accused me of relaying the information and stated that I had misinterpreted it.', 'I was also getting contradicting instructions from the supervisor and another employee and tried to keep the company in compliance with agreements, but the supervisor would become defensive due to my vigilance in following procedures. During these times is when I would think my head would explode b/c I never knew what to do. ', 'The supervisor would ask me if I owned a gun or stating something about my jumping out a window.', 'I asked for a performance review for my 1-year with the company, it was delayed due to "compensation issues" and when I told him that I wanted to speak with the owner about my compensation, I was then denied additional compensation w/ my promotion.', "Then, I was reprimanded for recording internal business meetings and having a webcam b/c someone was leaving my office in disarray and stealing my pens. I was being coerced and intimidated in signing the reprimand when I had requested to speak with HR, who didn't care to listen to my side of the story and told me to just sign it and move forward. He then suggested I contact the owner, which I did, but he never returned my calls. I was then ostracized by my supervisor an employees and excluded from meetings. I knew at this point that I was going to be terminated or forced to resign.", '2 weeks later, I was "laid off". They stated it was b/c of budget cuts, but the supervisor stated just 3 weeks prior that laying off people was the last thing they were going to do, but then here they were hiring new employees in the meantime. I was also the ONLY person laid off.', 'I then stated that I had filed w/ the EEOC which then he told me I "could have returned once my job was available again, but since I filed a lawsuit". He then followed and watched every move I made while I was gathering my things and escorted me out of the building.', "I have documented the incidents and now I'm wondering if that is enough for the EEOC, courts, or whomever to believe me.", "Now, here I am w/o a job, barely getting enough from unemployment benefits to pay my bills, I can't afford health insurance, and I have had sleeping issues, crying spells, headaches, stomach issues, nervousness, almost a nervous breakdown.", "This workplace bullying has to stop. There has to be a law against this. I've heard that Texas is the worst in regards to defending employees. Well, that has to change. Nobody should have to deal with this. We spend too many hours at work to have to tolerate this from supervisors, employees, etc.
I recently submitted a short description of my experience with workplace bullying in our family business. The fact that this takes place in a family run business is not only sad but in this setting it is a situation that follows me home and there is never any rest from the stress.', 'This actually began with my overbearing mother-in-law who despised my sister-in-law (the wife of her oldest son).', 'One of mother-in-law\'s friends lived in the house next door to my sister-in-law. They formed an alliance with each other to "keep an eye on" my sister-in-law. Also the husband of the "friend" next door was an employee at our business. This was back in the mid 70\'s.', 'The start of what I see now is blatant group stalking and workplace bullying that led to the end of my sister-in-laws life at the age of 37. No one sees this more clearly than I do. The fact is once my sister-in-law was out of the picture I became the target of the stalking and bullying.', 'I have been labeled as everything from paranoid to nut case. The fact is I have been the target since 1994 when my sister-in-law died from what was ruled a suicide.', "The number of people who are willing to go along with such bullying behavior is staggering. No one can possibly know who all of the bullies are except for the targeted individual. Every new employee is a possible new recruit. Many play along just so they can keep their job. Some don't stay because they are scared of people who are so mean.
I work at a newspaper which is part of a large newspaper company. I am succeeding in my job. Won 15 awards over a year's time, often on television for my newspaper and caught the eye of other newspaper folks within the company.", 'My boss who has never given me much recognition, worked hard to keep me when I was hired off by a competing newspaper in the same company. He made it impossible for me to leave by calling a person high in the parent company. I continued to do well - getting unbelievable gets.', 'Then, my boss asked me to do another job (totally untrained and highly technical) as well as do my other duties. I am not getting paid more. I work from 8:30 a.m. and leave at 10 p.m. every single day. But I am also doing my regular job as well as the job of one of my subordinates and also taking lead in getting huge access for a particular project - which I have done with huge success. So we are talking four jobs.', "My boss also put me over several subordinates who can walk right into his office and tell him anything about their boss. This has happened to my predecessor who was immediately fired. And I am suppose to work with another person whose equal on the food chain with me (We will call this person Carla) who is close to my boss. That person has been the bain of my existence. I told my boss when he told me I had to do this other job that my only reservations were that three of the players are people who deem they are close to him. He said he'd have my back.", 'At first, Carla was always in my office - being extremely duplicitous, criticizing my staff, talking about people on the business side. But I began to work closely with my staff and they have succeeded and I have gained their trust. I am hard on them but also give them many kudos. We have succeeded. I have done well in this new job, too while also doing my other jobs well but its getting too much. I feel like I am being set up to fail. I feel like I am being used.', "Carla likes to pitch her team agaist my team. Everytime we do well, Carla brings up a roadblock. At one point, she screamed at me via the telephone because she wasn't happy with my staff. I let it go but immediately told my boss via email. It got so weird a few days ago that I told Carla to stop being so divisive. This happened after Carla screamed at me on the phone accusing me of being rude to one of her staff members. That staff members told her that in fact I wasn't and that it was Carla who had been rude to her. I also told Carla she was way off base.", 'Carla has now decided to just destroy me as she has done to other people. My boss has done nothing. He loves Carla and also is a person who will help no one. He just told me welcome to management and that I am doing a great, great job. My boss realizes she is saving money by having me do three jobs (well actually four jobs). Actually, one of his subordinates said this via email and the email was kindly passed to me.', 'I just feel like I have done well, protected my reputation through the years but not sure how long this will continue since Carla is putting her energies on destroying me. Please help. Am I being set up to fail? I also hired a work coach as my first step to ending the madness.
I'm currently working for a well known corporation who presents themselves as protector leaders in today's financial markets. It's all a facade. This is a corporation that comprised of bullies and mobbers. I'm close to my early retirement and suddenly my job performance is substandard. I've put in several years of good work with this workplace, until this new manager came in. I knew this manager from a friend who told me of his drugs/alcohol abuse. This manager was even incarcerated for DUI charges.", "I'm still hanging in there and finding my options to fight this work epidemic that is supported by management and the HR department. Like the people who posted their bullying experiences here, I don't feel alone now.
I've been with this company for several years and was an exemplary employee. I didn't have any work problems until I transferred to another department of this company. The last 5 years of this job was a living hell.", "In the past, I brought issues of racial discrimination against my supervisor. I'm in my 50s, a minority woman with 1 year College Education. This supervisor also ridiculed my work and believed that it was not up to their standards. The company just swept the racial issues under the rug and the supervisor gave me an apology. This supervisor left the company a year ago. This supervisor also had histories of mobbing two of the ex-employees of that department.", "When I've asked for a promotion last year, I was placed under micro-scrutiny and gave me unattainable work deadlines that simply set met to fail. During my evaluation process this year, I was given a written warning that I'm marked for expulsion if I don't meet my job requirements.", "I'm still working for this company and trying very hard to comply, but sometimes I asked myself, when would this mobbing stopped? It's affecting my life tremendously, I have developed a GERD disease from the stress of this job. I'm also nearing my early retirement next year and my feeling is they just want to get rid of me and built a case against me for poor job performance.", "So that you know, my current boss had prior DUI charges/was jailed, drug/drinking abuses. I know this from a good source -- who had confided with me all my boss' dark secrets. While most of the people in the company knew of my boss' past scandals from his drinking stupor at our company parties, this is really nothing new.", "I'm seeking emotional support right now.
My hospital employer is posting negative comments that patients make on a satisfaction survey. Some of these comments contain the full names of some employees. These comments are opinions of former patients and are not always factual. The employer is posting these negative comments with employees name in the employee lounge for all of our peers to see.  It is humiliating and degrading. I think that they should post the comments, but block out the employees name. The employer says there is nothing wrong with it.', 'Comments Please. Thank you.
I have a very unique workplace bullying and mobbing case. My husband is the owner of the company and his older brother is his partner. Many days the workers are close by my home. The worst one of the bullies is my husband's older brother. His bully attitude is quite contagious. His favorite tactic is telling blatant (often ugly) lies to our employees about me.", 'At times he has even told our workers that I have  made accusations against them that I have not made.', 'This sort of lying gets our employees to join "brother bully" in his hatred toward me and then his mobbing team grows. There have been times that I can not go outside my home without being subjected to all sorts of harassment.', 'Sadly, I have been the target of some these men in the recent past who went so far as to plot to take my life. They have failed twice. Unfortunately the second time their mob bully (a paroled murderer) took the life of an innocent woman by mistake.', 'They have close ties to a well connected attorney who also has a strong dislike for me.', 'He knows all of the proper maneuvers to keep their activities covered. He has connections in the local law enforcement community.', 'I have been trying to get law enforcement on all levels to help without much cooperation.', 'The bullies and their attorney use all sorts of tactics to damage my credibility in case there is ever any sort legal action taken against them.', 'I believe that if they were not guilty there would be no need to go to such lengths to damage my credibility or to silence me with intimidation tactics or worse... to take my life from me.', 'There have been many years of this kind of mobbing that has taken place in our company. My sister-in-law was shot to death a few years ago. Her death was ruled a suicide. A more accurate ruling would have been bullycide. This kind of behavior is far beyond mere bullying.
I am feeling very down at the moment and suffering from physical illness as a result of bullying.  It is taking the form of belittling me and my work, nitpicking, constant criticism, damaging my career by giving me a poor grade in my appraisal, refusal to allow me discuss my work at the review meeting, bad mouthing me to others resulting in isolation in the workplace, quoting criticism others made of my work performance making me feel very hurt, refusing to allow me have my say, failure to train me in the Job or giving me the necessary information I need, over scrutinisation to the point akin to permanent surveilance, encouraging gang to join in the bullying leaving me feeling hopeless.', 'I have complained to a higher Manager I was not taken seriously, there is no point in talking to HR as all the Higher Management are part of the same cliche or crony group due to Internal Promotions to the Higher ranks and there is a closing of ranks when one is complained.', 'My problems started when I complained of irregularities by a Senior Manager in the organisation as was my duty as a Public Servant, since then I am a target for the Management in the Organisation and their cronies around the place and unfortunately we do not have a whistleblowers charter.', 'Hardworking dedicated but demoralised and disillusioned Public Servant and taxpayer.
With Obama being in office now, maybe the law will apply to the USPS, its harasser, and allies.', "Harassment without accountability at the USPS has gone on for too long. Obama promised change and to Renew America's Promise. Many people lost their lives because of the USPS not being held accountable for their harassing managers. Postal shooting is a direct result of the USPS not being held accountable and the courts ignoring the harasser's actions. ", "Once your life has been taken from you for no cause of your own and the law is denied you; then your only choice is to take matters into your own hands. Now that Obama is in office maybe what we were taught in school about the law and it's protection and Martin Luther Kings' fight will restore justice for all including the harassed postal workers.", 'EEOC Judge Mimi M. Gendreau protected Jan Pebley by ignoring the fact that Pebley modified a written contract and then forced her victim to honor it, by verbally attacking her on the workroom floor.', 'District Court Judge Paul V. Gadola allowed US Assistant Attorney (Attorney for the Defendant) Nancy A. Abraham to forge a plaintiff\'s signature on a "Stipulation and Order to extend Discovery" Abraham submitted the stipulation 5 days after discovery ended, but someone rubber-stamped it and wrote in the last day of discovery. To protect Abraham\'s career Gadola made the stipulation into a motion and granted it.', 'Equal protection under the law? Where at when you have people that are above the law? I pray that Obama cures this defect.
I did volunteering work for nearly 9 years until I was forced to take a sabbatical for nearly the past year due to a suit brought against the place I voluntarily worked as the people were trying to find out who the rest of the workers were.', "The owner recently - like three weeks ago - mailed me saying that I should continue to pretend I wasn't affiliated with them until another suit was finished.", 'When I challenged him that this wasn\'t fair to me being totally isolated after nearly nine years of loyalty, I got the shock of my life when he said that things were "calm" now. Meaning that the back stabbing egomaniac who used to be my friend has totally gotten to the boss and I\'m not wanted to return.', "The boss even admitted he knows Mr. Ego is a large part of the problem due to his constant sarcastic remarks, constantly belittling others, gatekeeping behavior and there is plenty of resentment over this egomaniac taking credit for other people's work. This person bullied me for the past nearly seven years. The galling thing is the boss knows it and said I should have just ignored it like he did. I was the only one with the courage to confront this man over his ill behavior of myself and others but now you'd think I have a communicable disease.", "The real irony of this is I'm being blamed for getting sued, but the reason I got sued was because of this egomaniac's behavior and they didn't know who he is so they went after me. But it's my fault, according to the boss.", "I'm greatly disappointed in this boss because he used to care about people more than he cared about money and his own ego.", 'How do you move past the bitter feelings when you are still in a small circle of people doing a particular job and we will cross paths again?
I worked in an international HQ and the personnel director (!) was a "serial bully". He had multiple targets, but one head target: the VP of that organisation. As I and some other collegues stood by this VP, we became targets as well.', 'His actions were insidious and in order to "eliminate" me as a target, he hired two people to do the job for him in a mobbing setting. Once we were elimated he hoped in that way to "eliminate" the boss himself by proving how bad he was by the turnover in personnel!', 'He did nothing else than trying to get people at each other throats with insinuations, gossip, threats, lies, fabrication to those underneath him in the organisation. At one point the whole HQ was paranoid, but he stayed always in the dark.', 'I suffered severely from the mobbers at the time, but only realised years later what had happened to me. At the time I had been able to place it back into perspective by a long holiday in India and a new job in another company without mobbers. It feels unethical, immoral and as harrasment and so it is. I lost all my friends of that time, but now, years later, I reconnected with them, as I believe that the mobbers should never win!
I don’t really know how to begin this. It’s going to seem far-fetched, untrue, and paranoid to most people. I still don’t know if it was some delusion on my part because the behavior of all involved is so ridiculous and uncalled for that it is difficult to believe anyone would behave in such a manner. My workplace bullying ordeal began shortly after I began a data entry position at a criminal background check company. I started as a temp, in a 3 month “probationary period” and was hired permanently before the three months was even up. I worked fast and accurately, and later was told I was the most productive employee they’d had in that department. Ever. ', 'Anyway, even before I was hired on officially I started hearing bizarre statements just in the vicinity of my hearing. Two girls I’d never seen before in my life glided by. They gave me a dirty look. One told the other, “Don’t worry, the temps never last. She’ll be gone soon.” Odd. Whatever. Maybe they were talking about someone else.', 'A few weeks pass and I hear, “I don’t believe she’s still here!” The tone is very bitchy. “Doesn’t she ever bathe? Look at her hair? Ew.”', 'More time passes. I’m hired officially. I frequent a certain chat room and have for many years. I shared my grievances with those online because I’m starting to get really upset. My previous position at another company dealt with me interacting with many I guess you could call diva types. Very attractive women who knew it and had that air some such people get, but they were pretty decent overall. I mentioned my appearance and hygiene being insulted in my regular chat room and stated online that I’d dealt with much more beautiful people than these in the past, and they really needed to just shut-up.', 'The next day at work things really escalated. “She’s calling me a pig?” Which I never did. People were glaring at me. When I went to the washroom whoever was in there would say things like “Aren’t you in the wrong bathroom?” Then giggle. I took my purse into the restroom, obvious code for me that it was that time of the month as I never carried a purse usually. When I came out I heard someone say, “Is he putting them in his ass to pretend?” I assumed this meant a tampon, but I could have been wrong.', 'My boss, the OWNER of the company ceased speaking to me. He used to come by my desk every now and then for chit chat. He began using the fax machine in front of my desk and whispering things to me. Things that stand out were “lose weight” and “you live in a hovel.” Once he came out from the mainframes in the back with the IT guy loudly saying “Yeah she used to be hot, but not anymore. I guess he likes ‘em big now.” Then looked at me. He walked up to the fax and fumbled with it. “Don’t start crying.” Then he retreated to his office. ', 'As time passed a foul smell began encompassing my desk and I assumed it was all my fault. I began bathing obsessively. Showering twice a day. Using alcohol wipes in the restroom, febreezing my chair, reapplying deodorant every other bathroom break, wiping down my desk with Windex daily, etc. As you can imagine this made things worse for me. The comments about my hygiene escalated. It seems they’d found something that really bothered me and decided to run with it.', 'I was 220 pounds when I began the position. Sure for a woman and most men that is huge, but it’s still no excuse for the treatment I received. Once out in the parking lot after work some girl screamed “LOSE WEIGHT!” began laughing hysterically, and slammed her car door shut. Within seconds another girl drove her car so close to me she nearly hit me. These people seemed to find this behavior hilarious. By the time I walked out, yes I walked out, almost two years later I was down to 175 pounds. I only mention this because the manager of the other department, mortgages and house deeds or whatever they did over there, would walk by my desk and say stuff like “She just gets bigger every time I look at her.” With this comment it was hard to tell if he meant me or the boss’s kid. But I heard I should be fired because I was a “Walking heart attack risk” and I was driving up their insurance premiums.', 'Back to online. I mentioned I used to suffer from bulimia in my regular chat room. The next day the girls in the office made dry heaves and retching noises when they passed me by. Lights were turned out on me in the bathroom. At that point I noticed a red flashing light in a vent in the ceiling. Don’t know if it were a camera. Never found out.', 'New temps were hired. They would actually whisper “bitch” at my back (they sat behind me). Then walk out. The boss came over and wandered aloud why all his hires keep walking out. ', 'The civil records guy and a girl who had worked in the department for years seemed to be gossiping about me. She’s just shy seemed to be their consensus. Which is true, but everyone else continued to harass me for reasons I never was made aware of. And this girl, I don’t know if it were intentional or not gave me directions that eventually led to my dismissal (I was asked back and set up to work at home by HR after my initial walk-out, which I accepted childishly out of spite to “get back” at those trying to push me out of the office).', 'While still in the office, a girl from the mortgage side of things would call when I walked by the civil records guy, put on speaker phone, and tell the civil records guy to “tell that bitch to get out of here!” She almost screamed it. She did this more than once and sounded completely enraged. I still to this day don’t know most of these people’s names. But they sure had a problem with me.', 'Eventually, while still in the office I made the mistake of checking my personal email during some downtime. From thereafter all my email was read aloud by the boss. I eventually just start writing absurd made up things. Saying I was attending orgies at the Hilton, been arrested for hate crimes; as he was Jewish I made them anti-Jewish hate crimes. Rather than catch on I was making stuff up they either believed it or decided to pretend to believe it, and acted accordingly.', 'I had lived in Sweden for nearly a year in the past. People started whispering “Go back to Sweden.” Suddenly I was “disgusting “and “belonged in jail” because I was “inhuman” and an “animal.” The go back to Sweden chants started happening OUTSIDE of work. Sometimes I’d see two of the girls from work outside or INSIDE my apartment building. Things I said in private or wrote on my home computer just for myself, as I’m doing now (I guess I may post this), began to be repeated to me at the office. Comments were made aloud about my previous night’s activities. As though they had been listening or watching. Things were getting really weird and really making me question my sanity.', 'The boss walked by one day and his cell phone played Kirstie Alley saying something like “I’m fat” in a whiney voice. I guess it was a ring tone from “Fat Actress”. Later that day he and the mortgage department manager walked by and seemed to be repeating a chat room conversation I’d had. “Why are you fat?” “Hey! Leave me alone! I like to eat!”', 'The accounts receivable woman would have conversations by my desk in which she declared to the only girl in the office that was friendly to me that I was a “Slob” and why couldn’t she see it. She really seemed to want to get my one ally against me.', 'I started going out on job interviews in the morning to escape. I didn’t start until almost noon so I had plenty of time. I came to work dressed up as I just didn’t care anymore (we wore jeans, the boss often had on shorts and flip-flops so I stood out). The boss came by once and simply said “I wouldn’t hire you for simply wearing that shirt.” Then just walked away.', 'I resorted to wearing headphones to block everyone out. My immediate supervisor took away all of my work. I was banished to filing all day. I’d come in and she’d loudly say “WHY DOES SHE KEEP COMING BACK?”. When I went to the bin to grab “input” as we called it (this was a data entry job), she’d quickly grab the ENTIRE pile then walk away, leaving me to suffer with work I made up for myself (organizing their grossly disorganized filing system).', 'After a few weeks of this I was getting quite fed up. The only girl friendly to me stopped by the fax in front of my desk, looked at me, and whispered “TAVISTOCK.” I’d never heard this word or name before and just stared at her. She then engaged me in small talk for a few minutes.', 'After I googled the term at home that night I was even more confused. Did she believe this stuff? Was she messing with me too now? It was just too much. I walked out a few days later.', 'As I stated earlier I was asked back to work, set up with a home office, and things went fine for nearly a year. Then I was informed that I was doing something wrong and had been since day one (the girl I mentioned earlier had indeed given me incorrect directions). My work was taken away entirely but I wasn’t fired. Which was more than odd? I was at home. Why would I care? I just played videogames half the day, chatted online, watched TV, exercised and still got paid. This went on for nearly a year. I did have “work” checking the data entered by new hires, but it didn’t take up much of my day. Eventually I was told that there just wasn’t any work left (they hired three people to do stuff I could have done on my own), but I just went with it to get the unemployment. So now that’s all finally over. I still don’t know what prompted the treatment I received from my in-office co-workers. At least it’s over and done with. It may not really sound like much, but this treatment was DAILY for almost two years straight. It really starts weighing on a person.
I have been working at this company for about 4 years. The other woman I work with has been there for 30 years. We are the only two women in the office. From day one, people warned me what a control freak she is and she was but I just dealt with it. Well, we became closer the past year and we would give each other advice on family, friends, etc. It was nice talking to her and even though she was controlling with work (she wouldn't give me anything to do) I looked past that and dealt with it. I ask her everyday if there is anything she needs help with and she always says no it's not worth the time to train you when I can just do it myself. I have the same experience she does but she'd rather be busy than give me some of the work because she wants all the credit but whatever, I dealt with that but what she did to me next I can't believe.", "One of my coworkers was out of the office and called and asked me to forward an email for him on his laptop. Well as I was looking for this email to forward one popped up about me. She had written him an email tearing me apart personally and professionally. It was devastating. Now there isn't anyone I can go to because she has been there for 30 years and everyone including the owner is afraid of her. She talks about everyone and even sends these nasty emails about our boss to everyone making fun of him. I wish I saved those so I can forward them to him. The boss won't fire her, he can't because no one knows what she knows about that company because she has had all the control. Now I have to go into work tomorrow and pretend everything is ok until I find something else. It's going to be so hard knowing they think so little of me. I wish I could share with you the contents of this email. It was horrible, horrible stuff.
Hi, I have been bullied in the workplace for the last 6 month by my supervisor. There is no yelling or screaming just alot of nit-picking. You see I am not the head baker where I work I am the assistant to him. The bully does not get along with the head baker so I get alot of the criticism. A lot of this is the fault of the head baker. I am a qualified baker he is not.', "For 6 months as soon as I go into my place of work this bully singles me out and everyday its constant nit picking. He is calling me lazy when it is not warranted. This constant bullying has led to panic attacks, high heart rate and blood pressure. The bullying usual starts at the beginning of the shift. I work 12 hour shifts so I am so upset I can't eat and concentrate on my work properly.", 'I was told by the company I work for to see a company doctor as they were concerned about the amount of time I was missing at work etc. I have confronted the bully numerous times telling him to stop it. With no luck. I have told the other boss also. He just kept saying work it out with him.', "HR didn't take me seriously when I told them of my claims of bullying. I have received negative e-mail from the head baker I work with. Its like the whole place is against me when none of this is my fault.", "I continue to have panic attacks plus not sleeping well and my blood pressure continues to be high and I have decided not to go back. I have thought of getting a lawyer, as the HR guy said he would get to the bottom of this but I haven't heard anything yet.", "I feel all alone in this. I have had to get a second opinion from another doctor as he didn't take me serious either. My Councellor I am seeing plus my family are the only ones who believe that this is really happening to me. Thanks.
I have been the victim of selective discrimination, bullying and harassment for the past two years as I am French Canadian from Quebec. The instigator and the participants would do this as a form of entertainment and enjoyment during the work day.', 'As usual the reason for my silence was mainly fear and the fact that I am the sole household provider with a large family responsibility. The offensive words and actions were very subtle at first. Therefore I ignored and dismissed all derogatory comments and actions as being childish. I started to wear a headset to drown out the unwelcomed comments. However, was hearing them and was being excluded in all the groups activities from small things such as not getting me coffee when someone went to get coffees for the group, they would have small potlucks and intentionally not invite me, remarks as I smelled, consistent leering, look at the nationality, probably was whoring around all night long, a Barbie whore, etc., remarks about my clothing, hair and make-up, the way I walked and many offensive sexual remarks too crude to mention. Whenever I spoke French I was deliberately told that this was an English speaking place (however every other language is spoken within the depot – but French is not allowed). ', 'The primary instigator (NameWithheld1 known to be a previous gang member) escalated the verbal bullying to a physical attack injuring my right shoulder. This instigator is always paired up with NameWithheld2 and coached by RR2-NameWithheld3; on how to falsely set up someone. (This is a common practice within CPC used by seasoned employee as this tactic does get this group or person the end result they want and does do extreme damage to the victim). NameWithheld2 acts as the look-out person who follows me everywhere to tell NameWithheld1 what I am doing and looking for an opportunity to hurt me. This NameWithheld1 operates by recruiting other workers within the depot of a lower intelligence; she then spreads false rumors about me especially to any male who would make nice comments about me so that they turn against me and join up into her scheme. She would intentionally persuade them to dislike me for whatever reason she uses.', 'On several occasions I had brought these concerns to the attention of the management team (supervisor NameWithheld4). The management team choose to ignore any and all my complaints and failed to take action against the instigator and all participants. Instead the Management team joined in on the bully tactics with enjoyment as well. The management team orchestrated and carried out this enjoyment by having this group set up false statements and allegations of assault against me. In spite of having supporting evidence to prove that I was the victim and having an injury to my right shoulder. Management continued to discriminate, bully and harassment me with continuous interviews. In order to continuously embarrass me and re-victimize me, on November 11, 2008 management announced over the loud speaker that I have been transferred to another station all of the PO4 clerks were elated at this announcement. ', 'All parties that have been involved in this incident received some sort of payoff. From the part-time clerks receiving early starts over seniority; term employees have extended hours plus the promise of a permanent position within CPC, to the letter carriers who received jobs as LCA and other privileges, SS rural person better route. Management was given enticed from SS-NameWithheld5 who was used by NameWithheld1 to seduce them (rural route person – usually dressed with revealing cleavage and thong short to act as a decoy when stealing or appease management for persuasive favors).', 'Needless to mention the mental anguish I have suffered the psychological trauma and anger issues that I must deal with daily. None of the parties have been disciplined to day they have only been rewarded with unacceptable behavior. ', 'I would request an internal investigation be conducted.
Three years ago, when I was working in the corporate office of a chain-store jeweler, I was the target of a workplace bully. L. would single out employees in her department that she felt were vulnerable -- and make their lives so miserable, they thought they'd drawn a card in some sick version of Monopoly: ", 'Go to Hell. Go Directly to Hell. Do Not Pass Go. Do Not Collect $200.', 'L. would: falsely accuse her Target-of-the-Month of mistakes she (for it was almost always a she) hadn\'t made; dismiss her thoughts and feelings; alternate between the "silent treatment" and harshly criticizing her; start destructive gossip about her; encourage others in the department to turn against her; use confidential information about the target to humiliate her in public; make unrealistic demands on her (i.e., impossible demands, excessive workload); and sabotage her work, either by failing to give her the information she needed to do the job, or by tampering with papers on her desk.', 'Usually, the targets would quit. For a long time, Hell had a revolving door. But for a long time -- ten years -- I was one of the employees L. liked. Bright, fast learner, reliable. I never thought what happened to those four or five other women would happen to me.', 'Until 2005 when two things happened: 1. My mother was diagnosed with breast cancer; and 2. I had a (prolonged and very severe) depressive episode that began that fall.', "Then L. started in on me. She accused me of playing hooky from work, even when I came straight back from the doctor's office with a doctor's note! She told everyone in the department I had bipolar illness--which normally I wouldn't have minded, except ", " was using my medical information as an excuse for people not to believe me. When I asked her what was going on, what the problem was, she told me I was being paranoid and oversensitive. I didn't say anything to upper management at the time -- because, after all, who was going to believe a crazy girl?", 'And when I wanted to take a few days of the medical leave I had saved up (out of three months!) so I could get my meds adjusted, she discouraged me from doing that. Even for a second trip to the doctor. She actually yelled at me to ', ' and talked with a couple of my co-workers right outside my cubicle in a VERY loud voice about me, saying I should just ', "To make a long story short, that depressive episode lasted a lot longer and was a lot more severe than it might've been if I'd been allowed to take the time off sooner. By the time L. got klonked on the head with a clue-by-four that yes, my work performance was declining because I really ", " ill, it was too late. I'd been marginally functioning for three or four months by then. ", 'When I finally did get the medical leave I needed, it was March of 2006, and I used up two months of sick leave.', "Even after that, I was still having trouble. My concentration was improving, but not anywhere near as good as it had been before. And my short-term memory was almost nonexistent. Meanwhile, the nasty gossip in loud voices right outside my cubicle continued. I know I wasn't hallucinating -- because a temp pulled me aside the day before I was fired and told me he'd heard it too. And he felt bad for me! (Of course, he was let go for doing that.) ", "Because I'd gone to the doctor so late, and my brain was still reeling from that seven or eight month episode, I was no longer able to do my job to L.'s standards. And I thought the company owed me something for my trouble. I knew I had severance pay and unemployment benefits coming if they fired me. So I let them.", "When L. left the company a couple of months later, they found some interesting papers in her office...ones she'd stolen off my desk and other people's desks, then claimed she couldn't find!", "Fast forward to now... I still have problems with concentration sometimes, but my memory problems -- which I never had before the Great Depression of '05-06 -- are severe enough that I need to keep written logs of every task, every project, every phone call.", 'There ', ' justice in this world. Though in my case it was two-and-a-half years coming...', 'I work in HR now. Yesterday I finished writing a policy at my current job that reads, in part: ', '
It has been five months since I resigned due to the relentless attacks from a bully coworker and supervisor, from the job and work that I enjoyed doing, and was proficient at.', 'The effects of bullying still affect me. I have been applying for work in my field, but like everyone else, the current employment situation is bleak.', 'The bullying experience I had was and still is disturbing and traumatic. I just can not get over the fact that these smug perpetrators walk away without a scratch, never looking back, targeting the next sensitive person that crosses their path.', 'When I think about it, the old feelings return immediately, this is no way to live.', 'I decided its time to bring the truth to bear, and see what happens and file a claim against the organization. If you have ever seen the movie "network" where the guy sticks his head out the window and yells, "I\'m mad as hell and I\'m not going to take it anymore!" well, thats exactly how I feel. They have already stolen a part of me, and I am feeling very vulnerable and exposed, and the slightest breeze blows me over.', 'I had no idea the amount of obstacles and resistance that is created when the bully is put on the defensive through legal action, they bring every weapon in their arsenal out with guns blazing, (this is obviously a metaphor) but nonetheless, it seems that by me calling their bluff, I hit a nerve. Maybe I made a mistake by opening this can of worms, but I thought, might does not make right.', 'I may be exposing myself to ridicule and character assassination, but at least its on my own terms, not theirs. ', "I also don't think they would bring everybody and their brother to the hearing if I hadn't exposed some cover-up or internal problem.", "Since my funds are limited at this point, I am using the services of an advocacy group's attorney for harassed workers.", 'The hearing has just started and so far I have been cross examined by the advocacy attorney, making my case. I must say this legal process is very scary to me because I am at the opposite end of the spectrum, when it comes to the way lawyers think.', "Does it feel like I made the right decision to open a legal claim? I don't know yet.  It feels so unreal and surreal to me, because it comes down to you said they said, and it seems that the courts tend to lean in the direction of the organization.", "The one thing that hasn't changed for me is, that I must act when a wrong has been perpetrated. ", 'Bullying is wrong. No matter how you slice it. If you have been bullied then you know exactly what I mean.', "Whether the court agrees with me or not, I know what was perpetrated on me. Maybe that's a part of the healing process...", 'This whole hearing seems so ridiculous and a waste of time. What it really comes down to in the end is, treating each other with respect and dignity.', "Unfortunately, the real world isn't like that.", 'People lie and abuse each other. ', 'Hopefully I can add some positive energy in the world and create meaningful relationships with others.
I went to work for (Company Name) a division of (Parent Company Name) in May 2008 and worked there until I was fired on October 17, 2008. I feel over a mat at the front door of the company on July 11 and fractured my ankle and got a head injury. I was out for 2 weeks. When I came back things got really bad for me and my Manager started bullying me. Here is a list of some of the issues I had to deal with:', 'I was glared at in a hostile manner by the Manager and 3 coworkers that were in her click. Please note that including me there were only 9 employees in the office.', '  ', 'The manager and her cohorts would sometimes storm out of the work area when I entered.', 'I was not spoken to hardly ever and was completely given the “silent treatment” for a full 2 weeks', '  ', 'I was not given constructive feedback on my job performance. I was only yelled yet and degraded.  ', '   ', 'I was continuously being treated in a rude and disrespectful manner by the Manager, the 3 co-workers, human resources and after her visit to the Warehouse and Main office from the Credit Team and Warehouse personnel.', ' ', 'I would ask for assistance and would either get no answer, a partial answer or the complete wrong answer.', ' ', 'Was accused of never helping anyone which was a false rumor and none of the other co-workers defended me.', 'Been given little or no feedback about my performance.', ' ', 'Was yelled at and shouted at in a hostile manner around all the other employees.', ' ', 'Manager made negative comments about your intelligence or competence.', ' ', 'After her visit to the Main office and Warehouse I noticed that they were consistently failing to return my telephone calls or respond to my e-mails unless I made numerous calls or sent numerous e-mails.', '  ', 'Constantly had my contributions ignored and credit given to others.', ' ', 'She had another employee interfering with my work activities by taking files and not answering questions or giving me wrong information.', ' ', 'She lied to me and to Human Resources.', ' ', 'She had others fail to give me information that I really needed to do my job and then I would get into trouble for not doing it.', ' ', 'She constantly was calling the other employees into her office and talking about me and aksing them questions about me. I knew this for a fact when I heard one of the employees say I wonder what time Human Resources is going to get her to see Kelly. I verified with Human Resources that the information regarding their visit was only shared with my Manager. ', ' ', 'I was shown NO empathy or sympathy when I was having a tough time. The tougher of a time I was having the worse it got.', '   ', 'I had others destroy or needlessly take resources that I needed to do my job.', ' ', 'I was constantly being accused of deliberately making an errors.', 'My Manager would throw temper tantrums when disagreeing with me.', 'I was prevented from expressing myself (for example, interrupted when speaking). When we had the meeting with HR I said to my Manager sometimes I would like to speak and she said "Why you will still be wrong".', ' ', 'Turned other employees against me.', 'The other 3 employees and Manager would flaunt their status and treat me in a condescending manner.', ' ', 'The Manager was always giving credit to her 3 cohorts for work I had done. But if it was something that was done incorrectly even if it was months before I started there then I was responsible for the mistake and got into trouble for it.', '       ', 'I was constantly reprimanded and “put down” in front of the others.   ', ' ', "I suffer from Post Traumatic Stress disorder and I had told the HR department that. Yet they also treated me in the same way and gave me no help and did nothing to protect me. I was pushed over an edge and I did something really stupid. I did not do it as a criminal act but just to upset the Manager. I never believed I was doing anything criminal. I also did not try and cover the fact that I did it because I wasn't thinking it was criminal. I have been honest and upfront when speaking with the police. I will take ownership of the fact that I did it. But I should never have been pushed to that point. I have not even had a traffic ticket since around 1982.", "They should not be able to get away with doing to anyone else what they did to me. I know of 4 other people I believe that she has done this to. I am sure there are more I don't know about. She has ruined my life and will continue to ruin others. This has made me think that the only option I have is Death (Not Suicide) so I have quit taking my medications. She brought the Post Traumatic Stress back with a vengeance. I worked really hard to get to a good point where I could deal with everything that has happened to me and she took all that away.
I was in a inter company 5 years, the last year and a half was when the bullying started because, this is the ironic part : I was asked to take on certain aspects of a new system because I excelled at the training/designing of it and I had a good rapport with staff. I didn\'t even go looking for this position - the very same "bully managers behind the curtain" came looking for me to take on this role as the new system trainer/designer. The whole reason I was bullied into the ground was because (and this really is schoolyard stuff) - "I HOLD MY ANNUAL REVIEWS WITH THE BUSINESS DIRECTOR HIMSELF AND WHO EVER HEARD OF A PROJECT OFFICER HAVING THE DIRECTOR AS THEIR LINE MANAGER". I think the director knew pretty early on what might be happening with Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde (not real names :-) because when I mentioned a couple of things (more puzzled than worried), like not being invited to certain meetings and when I used to bring certain things to Mr Hyde\'s attention that the three of us might need to work on together, he used to just nod and then days later bring the exact same items to me as if they had never been discussed with him by me (understand now it was the start of some serious psychological undermining). I excused his behavior and thought that he was probably just stressed/high workload in that department at the time. The most valuable piece of advice I received was from the director. Even though I passed those incidents off as Mr Hyde just forgetting and thought it a bit odd. The director said it might be worth keeping a time/date/brief account, brief description etc. ', 'God how right he was - I am so glad I did start documenting quite early on, because you can really see the pattern forming from small issues gradually building up in frequency and impact to down right aggressive behavior even slamming doors in my face (this was constant) and blocking my path on the stairs (of course when no one is looking). They always had an excuse "didn\'t know you were behind me", "was texting so didn\'t see you", "I always walk down the middle of the stairs instead of holding the banister". The thing is - I was dealing with two guys (one well over 6ft, Dr Jekyll) I\'m just a 5ft 4" woman, just the physical aggressive side of it alone was intimidating. Nobody would believe that these two were capable of this stuff, they speak so softly when management are around. ', 'All I can say is as soon as they make this kind of behavior illegal the better - the only problem is proving it because these type are professional liars. I am now just getting over my bullying experience although HR ended up having to change it to voluntary redundancy and give severance pay. It involved mainly two members of staff - the serial bully and his hench-man but also, as someone so aptly put it involved "the bullies behind the curtains - managers they hood-winked)". These two guys really were Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Mr Hyde being the serial bully (the quiet one - most dangerous) and Dr Jekyll, his hench-man - really aggressive. But I never saw anything like it - to senior management they acted like butter wouldn\'t melt in their mouth, really polite/charming etc.', "It started off as constant nit picking, critising and escalated to actual sabotaging of my work (deleting designs/functions and then claiming I hadn't built them into the systems) to just complete and utter lies. There is so much more? I started documenting everything and thank God because the day before I was actually fired I had printed off the records of all the actions carried out on the designs. Clearly showing where they had deleted functions/whole training databases and other actions and who had carried out these actions/serial number of computer etc. I don't think they knew that the system actually recorded every single action and by who on the System. I only happened upon it!!", 'Anyway going into too much detail here but thank God I found all of that stuff because', '1) I would have left that company thinking I really was incompetent at my job and going "crazy" and also it meant that HR changed it to redundancy, they did TRY and get me to sign a gagging order. I should have brought it to court but I was just too emotionally exhausted and just wanted to get out and away. I had developed terrible backpains and shingles, but also and this is the thing I am still trying to get over it with everything else.', 'I have developed a total distrust of people and that is in general not just the workplace. My counsellor says I have developed PTS and I need to take it one step at a time. I couldn\'t even believe it because I always thought of that as something a soldier suffers from or if someone has had a terrible accident/shock like a car accident (I was still trying to get my head round what "bullying in the workplace was" and that nearly all workplace bullying is carried out in a systematic way to either control or eliminate the target). But now I understand PTS, as one reader said "even if her boss asked to speak to her for a few minutes" it would bring on a panic attack.', 'That is what happens to me even though I am considered to be quite a confident person and now working for a really good company with even more responsibility etc but completely bully free (I think?), but if someone uses phrases that resemble what they used to say and do to me, it can bring on a panic attack.', "Even just someone standing behind me when I am working and talking to me gets me extremely uptight (even though before the bullying I was well able to carry on designing and also part of my job was training and giving presentations etc so I was well used of being surrounded by people watching what I am doing.) I pinpointed it though to the fact that they used to constantly stand behind me (even uninvited) and one would start hitting the chain of his swipe card off my desk and both critising, really nit picking (really small issues) at everything - in a open plan office (I realised their bullying tactics, because anyone listening to that wouldn't realise how small these issues really are with the use of IT terminology... they must have thought something terrible must have gone wrong).", 'These issues were the equivalent of someone puttng \'their\' instead of \'there\' and another tactic was if someone asked for something to be done by me, they would subtly imply that I wouldn\'t know how to do it and that they would carry it out for them instead. (I went from in the beginning of the job my phone constantly going and steady stream of people coming to see me to in the end I would be lucky if I got 6 calls during the day sometimes starting with "Mr Hyde said you mightn\'t be able to do this but"... (funny it was stuff I had done countless times before to advanced level).', 'So I went from being exceptionally good at my job and well liked to before I was fired being viewed as completely incompetent and unable to work as a "team player" or "under supervision". If I hadn\'t found that hard evidence against them I would have left thinking they were probably right - that I was just not up for the job. ', 'SO I SAY TO ANYONE THAT FINDS THEMSELF BEING BULLIED BELIEVE IN YOURSELF. IT WAS JUST A "HAPPY ACCIDENT" THAT I CAME ACROSS THE HARD EVIDENCE OF SABOTAGING "or a mistake on my part as Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde would have claimed :-))" BUT IF THINGS JUST DON\'T ADD UP THE THINGS YOUR BULLY MIGHT BE CLAIMING ABOUT YOU ESPECIALLY IF YOU KNOW IN YOUR HEART AND SOUL YOU JUST DO NOT MAKE MISTAKES LIKE THAT OR THAT OTHER STAFF VIEW YOU LIKE THAT (projection) - BELIEVE IN YOURSELF. ITS HARD WHEN THEY MAY HAVE ALREADY PUT SO MUCH SELF DOUBT IN YOU BUT BELIEVE ME YOUR GUT INSTINCTS WILL LET YOU KNOW YOU ARE NOT JUST DEALING WITH A DIFFICULT OR STRESSED COLLEAGUE WHO NEEDS CALMING, EVEN IN THE EARLY STAGES OF THE BULLYING PROCESS/SOMETHING JUST SEEMS SO FALSE ABOUT THE PERSON(S) EVEN THOUGH YOU JUST CAN\'T PUT YOUR FINGER ON IT. ', 'I think HR just buried the documentation and evidence (but I did email it to a number of senior managers) and quite a few links to bully sites. These sites literally described word for word what happened to me "The Bullying Process and Patterns" and helped me to get my documented notes in order to show the pattern forming and escalating in severity and what type of terminology to use when describing incidents.', 'HR turned a blind eye to what happened to me because they couldn\'t afford to lose them (or HR were made think that!). I was told that I was not only trying to deal with a chronic bully at the time, but also someone who was showing all the traits of a narcissist which could be true for one of them anyway. What I understand of Narcissism or Histronics apart from the main traits they display is that they don\'t seem to understand the spoken word or written word in relation to the context it is said in, and the emotion involved. Its like they mimic or steal another person(s) personality but lack what you would call being the "real McCoy" or being in sync, but I don\'t know, this could also be another bullying ploy to knock you off-balance. I know a few people who are very much "myself first, myself last and anything going myself again" but it is only when you meet someone who has full NPD that you walk away feeling odd but not sure why. ', 'If it helps anyone and this is a backward compliment - but the majority of times a target gets bullied (and this has been proven) is because they are good at their job (if not excelling)/popular and usually pose a threat in some way to the bullies. In my case it was Mr Hyde (serial bully) who wanted part of my job, the training side (he is now doing it) because it was a little more high profile and a step into management, and Dr Jekyll because he was afraid for his - he did much the same type of work as me (not very good but adequate enough), but now he is the only one that knows that side of things - so hey presto job security (oh and his line Manager is Mr Hyde).
I work for a local government as a middle manager. My duties include training and supervising junior employees. A few years ago a new employee was hired and assigned to our branch who's skills and performance were well below what was required for the job. However, she was able to continually charm myself and other staff into helping her through her workload. Over time, due to my guidance and training, her performance improved significantly (but not up to that of her peers). Meanwhile, she had also become very popular with most staff by organizing social events, remembering birthdays, socializing, etc. A warning sign I should have recognized at the time, however, was that there was always a small number of staff who had serious conflicts with her and didn't trust her.", "Naively, we dismissed these incidents telling ourselves that she simply couldn't be the type of person they were describing. Another warning sign was her subtle but continual use of gossip to slowly discredit fellow employees that she considered competitors. A couple of occasions I caught her trying to discredit me to my own boss, but fortunately I had a close working relationship with him so nothing came of it and I accepted her apologies. But I was finally starting to wake up to who she really was and she knew it.", 'A couple years later, my boss was forced to resign due to poor health. She wasted no time going to coffee dates with the incoming boss (a nerdy guy who loved the attentions of a young, attractive female) and "educating" him on who the "problem" people were in the office. She also went to senior management claiming to be a long suffering victim of mistreatment by myself and my former boss (even though she had at one time nominated him for a "best boss" award).', 'She told the new branch head that I was a poor performer and lobbied for my firing and her promotion to my job. Through false allegations and slander, she gained the support of two of my co-workers who joined her in a viscious smear campaign against me, including claiming I had mental problems (a common bullying tactic I later found out) and had harrassed her by unfairly accused innocent her of dishonesty mutliple times. The new boss begain to strip me of my job responsibilities but claimed it had nothing to do with their smear campaign.', 'At this point, seeing my once excellent reputation in complete tatters and feeling totally isolated, I expected either firing, transfer to an inferior job, or demotion to be imminent. Each day I went to work thinking it might be my last. Luckily, I found a website about workplace mobbing and realized what was happening to me. I was also fortunate that a few long standing friends (with impecable reputations and influence) in other branches were aware of what was going on and witnessed it. They were able to provide me with advice and support and offered to testify to HR about what that they had witnessed the bullies say and do.', "HR initially offered support and promised disciplinary action against the three bullies. I also provided them with info on workplace mobbing. Unfortunately, without explanation, things soon stalled and they only interviewed my bullies, myself, and only one of my supporting witnesses only after she insisted on it. And, no surprise, they concluded that it was all just a minor mishandling of issues by all involved and my allegations were largely just paranoia. My one witness was not referenced and they became very angry when I brought this up. They said mobbing may have occurred but they didn't have time to investigate it. ", 'Nevertheless, HR and upper management realizing that I had the support from a few influential co-workers probably saved my job. ', 'The main ringleader transferred out shortly after as did one of her allies.', 'Even though I hear stories of her continued use of gossip and slander against rivals and new conflicts with other staff, she has quickly won popularity with upper management in her new branch and recently won a promotion. I was fortunate that my new boss who supported her transferred to another city and I now have another excellent new boss who has known me for many years, and I have regained my status and popularity in my branch (but not the overall dept).', 'Looking back, I realize she initially used me to gain position and status in the branch. When she realized I was slowly seeing through her acts of deception and her gossip against her fellow workers, she turned on me as soon as she found people who she could charm and deceive into supporting her. I wonder if I would have been better off to pretend to be fooled by her like most everyone else?', "I'm still subject to actions of my bully as she still works at smearing my reputation as evidenced by her friends and new coworkers who suddenly started giving me the cold shoulder. I also suffer from PTSD from the very nearly losing a very good job that I enjoy and almost losing my career. I also have ongoing fears that she or one of her allies might become my boss someday or that she'll manufacture new lies against me and renew her efforts to get me fired. Based on these websites, bullies rarely give up attacking people who they suspect are on to them.", "Any advice on trying to overcome PTSD? I'm constantly in fear of a recurrence of what happened. Despite this being an excellent job with great benefits, should I look for another place of work?
I work in a government funded medical facility. One of the doctors there does not like me and has made no secret of it. He has stopped staff meetings to yell at me while I was answering a staff members question. He has told the administrator he wanted me fired and when he was told I could only be fired for poor job performance he asked one of my coworkers to monitor and write down if I made any mistakes to use against me. He has questioned my professionalism by saying my personal feelings for him could affect the way I treat his patients.', 'At my position I am only to be accountable to the Administrator and Board of Directors. When I approached the Administrator about him yelling at me in front of the staff and that I felt I was being harassed I was told I was not to say anything about this doctor and if anyone else was talking about him to walk away. I was also told to be careful of my facial expressions when his name is mentioned. At the next staff meeting I took a pad and pen and kept my head down doodling on the pad.', "I basically got to the point I could not take it anymore and my physician has taken me off work because of anxiety and I have been put on medication. I pay into short term disability and have been declined benefits twice so I am now going through ei sick benefits. It is impossible for me to stop this because the facility is funded because of the doctor. He threatens to quit if he doesn't get what he wants. Even my doctor has told me that I will  have to quit because unfortunately no one will go against him.
Wow! Where do I start? I work at (international courier company). I have had sups running "skits" on me for two years. I have had everything that I am... used against me. I have been kept in fear of losing my job of twenty plus years for two years now. I have had to visit the hospital for stress and sleep problems like you would not believe.', "When I told the doctor that the company was always trying to do things to set me up and that I had to be on defense all the time the hospital said I was delusional, they said I was paranoid. And get this! This is a big eye opener! Then the doctor said I had the same profile as Wesbecker, who had apparently been a patient there before he killed himself. He was the guy who mowed down a bunch of people at his work place because he was fired. Wesbecker also had to visit the hospital and be put on meds. I would say he had the same types of things done. He couldn't prove it and they finally fired him so he went berserk. ", 'The kinds of things done are hard to prove, up to perception comments. Its a technology used by the CIA... sound crazy?... well it is. I have researched this stuff. And once you become a target they never stop. It is used to push an individual out or get them to explode and do something to get fired over. In that sense it is pretty simple.', 'I believe that my management is trained in this because they work together. And I have been to HR and HR. That is a joke too. The information that I gave in HR was also used against me. There are cameras and microphones everywhere. This company is low down when it comes to there employees yet they give Pre-Sort Communication meetings on Integrity. Im sure they will fire me some day on some set up because they get pretty clever. I just keep trying to defend myself and watch my back but it is exhausting. Need help or some kind of backing and guess what.... there is none. That is my story.', 'And the company plays down any accusations of such saying well its just that there are so many people and no one has really done anything. Its maddening.
As a person who speaks up about leadership bullying destroying our small towns on the prairies, I was stunned when a friend told me that I was a bully. This is after I suggested to her that her commercial building was empty again because she had not stood up to a bully who had run our nonprofit organization out of it (coffee house) out after only four months in business. (She had given him management control.)', 'This bully (on city council) came roaring in one night and pounded on the table, “You’re out, get out now.” I was so startled, I started crying and asked “Why are you doing this to us? We just moved in.” He said, “You don’t need to know why. Just get out.” I said, “I am so tired, I can’t move again already.” He said, “That’s not my problem. Just get out now.” ', 'Come to find out, a man with a mental illness has posted a sign in the laundromat next door that “Dick is gay”. This was in response to a man who had done dastardly things to our nonprofit organization and he was obsessed about it. The bully thought the sign referred to him as his name was Rick (Names have been changed for privacy reasons.) The man with the mental illness realized the horror of what he had caused and apologized to “Dick” the next day but to no avail. It was heart breaking to have to move out again after wanting so hard to help my friend keep her building occupied. (Today it is vacant and vandalized, and for sale.) Now she blames me as being a bully and “there are two sides to every story.” I hardly see how there are two sides to a bully’s story as I don’t see anyway their actions can be justified in what they do to others.', 'But this accusation has given me pause. I am thinking a lot trying to understand how I’ve bullied this woman. When she lived and operated her business in town, I went out of my way to bring her many new customers. I gave her complimentary advertising, and did lots of word-of-mouth on her behalf. I patronized her as much as I could afford. I wanted so much to see a new business in our dying small town succeed. ', 'Did I break her windows? Did I do things to keep her life in turmoil? Did I cost her loss of money and personal freedom? Did my actions make her hire an attorney to try and protect herself and her investments? Did I make her cry? I don’t think so. So being labeled a bully for doing things to help her, has been disconcerting, to say the least.', 'What I believe now is that because I speak the Truth about the severe problems of leadership bullying in our small towns, it makes naïve people, deep into denial, feel uncomfortable. And because they feel discomfort at what I observe, they assign me the label of being a “bully”.', 'What this incident teaches me is that we have a long way to go before the public actually understands what “bullying” is, and how it ruins lives, hopes and dreams. We need to teach that discomfort in hearing the truth is not bullying, but a new voice speaking to us, a voice to observe, examine and deal with honestly and openly. To accept or reject the voice of the Truth Sayers is our choice but it is certainly not our right to silence them (I am quietly distancing myself from this woman since to knowingly push discomfort on her might be another form of bullying?)', "To try and prevent a Truth Sayer from speaking up is just another loss of freedom and a tragedy of our society today for it is the Truth Sayer who leads the way. I don't see that it has nothing to do with bullying — except perhaps by the accuser who is trying to silence the voice of the Truth Sayer?
Hi All, If you are a US resident please sign this petition to pass an Anti-Bullying Healthy Workplace Bill.', 'http://www.gopetition.com/petitions/anti-bullying-healthy-workplace-bill.html', "If you are a British citizen please sign Vicky's Anti-bullying petition.", 'http://petitions.number10.gov.uk/08Bullying/', "My story is pretty long so I got a MySpace account and it's on my blog there. http://www.myspace.com/mary_kirk", 'Thank you all!', 'Mary
I used to work in a corporate bank for over 21 years as an executive assistant until my department decided to move to another state. I was given a generous severance package and made a total career change working for the Board of Ed as a teacher's assistant. Although I have been only in this field for two years, and the pay isn't very generous, I was very content with the extensive school breaks and benefits. The trouble started when I was assigned to another school because the class program I used to be in had to terminate to accommodate another type of curriculum. The teacher I now work with seems nice but she's not the type who wants to corroborate with you workwise. She seems to be very attached to the teacher's aide and seems to give her more responsibility in lesson planning instead of delegating the work to me who's her assistant. They have long conversations and laugh and joke with each other and I am the odd man out. It's almost as if I wasn't there. My pet peeve is that the aide can't spell worth a damn and every time she writes a misspelled word on the blackboard, it just about drives me crazy and I have to walk up to the board to correct it. I tried to do this in a tactful manner. I sometimes whisper the corrections in her ear, but I guess she doesn't like it nor does the teacher. For this I get picked on for the slightest infraction so insignificant that it's laughable. The aide gets away with a lot of things like coming to class late or taking days off. She's also a compulsive liar acting as if she's a victim. How do you handle a problem like this? I was advised to lay low until I'm tenured. What advise can you give me? Sometimes I feel that I'm about to go mad. Teachers, assistants and aides are suppose to work as a team in lesson planning and instruction. Like I said, I feel like I'm being treated as a pariah. One morning I went into the bathroom and burst into tears to be comforted by another teacher who felt bad for me, but she understood that a lot of that happens in this school. What advise can you give me.
I have been here before. The story is the same. I am very competent, very intelligent, dedicated to my work, and a great person - yet someone (a peer or boss or both) become threatened and launch a bullying campaign. I work on the Insurance side within the financial institution I work for.  I am the only African Canadian female within my team, that was able to surpass the sales goal on my team. Yet, I am the one that is being treated like dirt. I have had coworkers tell that in their Greek culture, they consider blacks as the N-word.  I have been referred to liking fried chicken and watermelon. Or hear 2 white co-workers call each other Nigga. Or get excluded from informal group meetings. Or have your boss undermine you in front of your coworkers. Or have your boss try to pin blame on you whenever they can. Just because, you exceeded your goals and commit to company policy - as I was hired to do. ', "I have lost sleep over it. I am angered and disgusted and working on an exit plan. I do my training privately because each time that I have asked for info from my boss, I am told how unspectacular it is or being denied info altogether becaused she would much rather that I help her racist patsy than provide me with the info to progress. Oh yeah, about those nasty patsies. Rumour mongers they are.  Ready to try and tear me down. When I catch them in the act, I make sure they answer for it by questioning their motives and smoking them out.  But my energies can not be used this way all the time. It's draining. One my boss told me, while having the knife in her hand that she could slit my throat with it.  There were no witnesses.  I documented and advised my colleague about the incident - but can you really rely on a trusted colleague? No when their job is at stake also.", "I feel powerless. But I maintain the high performance as much as I can. That is my insurance policy to get out of that hell hole! Keep up my sales, covert training, seeking employment elsewhere and get out. That's my exit plan.
I started a new teaching job and from day one, people have been horrible to me. I'm constantly ignored, excluded, and set up to find myself in the line of fire, but there's nothing concrete, and no proof. The atmosphere in the place I'm working is terrible, and I just don't know how people put up with this on a daily basis. There's a real shortage of jobs, so I can't change just yet. I feel like I'm going to be in this situation forever!
My story begins after returning to work after an 8 year absence to have my youngest two children. I returned to the place I had previously worked but in a different department. ', 'Having had such a long period of absence my skills were lacking. Before giving up work I had used a golfball typewriter - after my return everything was computerised and I had little or no knowledge of computers, work processing and spreadsheets. However, previously I had always been good at my job and I was a fast learner. I was a good typist and soon picked up the word processing which working in an academic environment required typing quite complicated equations.', "For the first few weeks things were going really well and I was pleased with myself that I appeared to be picking things up so well. I worked in an office with a girl whom I got on well and she was very helpful and taught me a lot. It was really nice to have my own salary again after so long. I could buy things which I hadn't been able to afford for a long time. ", 'Then the supervisor, who had been absent for the first two weeks returned to work and I noticed a change in the attitude of the other girls. The Supervisor was someone who had been in the position for many years. She was extremely good at her job too. She had a remarkable memory and having been in post for so many years had a wealth of knowledge and over the years had worked her way up within the department and was in charge of all secretarial staff. Her downside was that having reached the top she felt challenged by younger staff coming to work within the department who had more up to date skills and qualifications.', 'It wasn\'t long before I realised that she was despised by most of the other secretarial staff and there had been and continued to be a high turnover of staff. I soon discovered why when she began to criticise everything I did. It was never "the way we do things here". I tried very hard to try to comply with "the way things were done" but felt that they were changing too often and I couldn\'t keep up. I found too that my new found skills could not be used unless they complied with the way she did things - this meant that if she didn\'t know how to do them you couldn\'t do it that way even though her way was inefficient and took much longer.', 'For example, many of the academic papers had footnotes and I looked up in the software manual how to ensure that the footnotes were placed at the foot of the page which contained the reference. I was actually very pleased with myself for having worked it out myself. When I returned from a few days leave I was confronted by my supervisor who held the paper up at me the minute I arrived for work saying the paper required correction and editing immediately.', "She was shouting at me saying what a mess it was and that several people had tried to undo the mess I had made of it unsuccessfully. It appeared that she had tried to put in the authors alterations but couldn't work out how to access the footnotes. I was told that under no circumstances was I to use that method again and was to type the footnotes out manually which meant that if anything was added I had to change the footnotes on every page to ensure they were at the foot of the correct page whereas doing it my way the computer would have done this for me. ", "That was just the start but it carried on to the point that I felt her constant criticism was beginning to wear me down. It got to the point where I felt that she was constantly looking over my shoulder and I couldn't get on with anything without confirming everything with her first. But even when I carried out her instructions to the letter there was something wrong with it. I wasn't allowed to talk with the academic staff directly; I had to go through her for the most trivial of things. Likewise I found that staff would never approach me directly but went through her to the point that I felt excluded.", 'The girl who shared my office would sympathise with me and tell me that other girls had been subject to the same treatment and not to let her get to me. She told me one girl who had left had put in a formal complaint on leaving but she had turned it around to look as though the girl had been incompetent. There always seemed to be someone in tears. There was always cards and collections coming round for those who were lucky enough to have found another job.', 'I should have left too but feared that if I did, how would I explain it to another employer that I had had an 8 year absence then left the post after only a few months. I had convinced myself that I would be unemployable.', "I couldn't sleep, I lost my apetite and was so tired I could barely cope with the children. At work I was so fearful of criticism I was constantly checking and re-checking everything. Some days I felt I couldn't type a few lines without messing it up. Things that I used to do in minutes took up to half an hour by the time I had checked it. Then when I had submitted my work I was constantly worried; did I do this, or did I forget that. I got to the stage where I felt I couldn't function. I was so obsessed with work I was forgetting to organise the children. I had mentioned things to my husband but not how much it was getting me down. He had a very pressured sales job which was commission only. I felt that with my salary there was less pressure on him and he appeared so much happier.", "One day I arrived home and my husband asked me if I was OK and I broke down in floods of tears and told him what had been going on. He was so worried he told me that we didn't need the money that bad that he would see me in such a state and that I was to phone them the next day and tell them I wasn't coming back. I told him my worries about not being able to get a reference which he found absurd and was adamant that I was not to return. I felt as though someone had just rescued me from the jaws of death and I slept soundly for the first time in months. The following morning I decided to go in to work but hand in my resignation and work my notice. Handing my letter to my supervisor I felt an enormous relief. ", 'The day I handed in my resignation, during my lunch hour I bumped in to a colleague who worked in the HR department who I had known from working there previously. She asked me how I was getting on and I told her that I had resigned and why. She was in charge of organising casual staff to cover absences and busy period and said that if I wanted she would put my name down and give me a ring if anything suitable came up and I agreed.', "I left work and went on holiday for 2 weeks and on my return I had just put the suitcases down when the colleague rang and said that there was some work if I wanted it that would last about 3 weeks. They had appointed someone to the post but needed someone to cover whilst she worked her notice in her previous employment. That person later rang to say that she had changed her mind about taking the job. That was 17 years ago and I'm still there and have been promoted twice.", 'In my old department they finally realised that the staff turnover was down to the Supervisor and whilst they took no direct action they re-organised the staffing giving her less control over the clerical and secretarial staff. Despite this, she found ways of intimidating them and it continued that way for several years until she retired.', 'I still cannot think back on that period without feelings of anxiety. I became a union representative and now represent others who find themselves caught up in the same situations.
I was running a number of country units for a baby business (YEP!) in Europe. Joining this "lifestyle" company my then boss already proved to be extremely disorganized, divide and conquerish, plus sexually harassing and demoting staff on a regular basis. I witnessed this from day one as he called me into his office and made it clear that I should exclude such-and-such from my attention but should get as much information from her as possible as he would fire her in due course. Needless to say I was shocked! I was speechless that very moment as it was day 1 but reality-checked with a colleague who had joined this meeting. She confirmed his divide and conquer strategies and warned me that this was his way to control information amongst people as it was a small company and him being the owner he wanted to stay "on top" (irony of the word...). I then (1) challenged him verbally in a non-confrontational way by asking questions, hoping to lead him to a more sensible behavior. (2) I put it down in writing in my weekly report that I would object to such behavior. (3) Informed HR (4) I informed his target person and ensured her I would stay on neutral grounds for now but would support her if need be. But that was only the start. It grew a lot worse!', 'Being a startup run and owned by this guy and his unethical methods the business was very dysfunctional. As on the surface  it´s a well-known international lifestyle brand everyone patted everyone´s back but underneath it was cutthroat. I became the boss of a team that already had a (ring)leader who then bullied me with her group as she had expected a promotion and had likewise been bullied by the owner. I felt compassion for her and the team and did my best to listen to them, support them, but likewise provide managerial structure and fair measuring standards so they could quantify their successes towards HQ. But my predecessor was probably also a borderliner (which I hadn´t come across before). So despite my efforts of making it a better place to work at it all backfired with the silent treatment, exclusion, falsified or withheld information, collusion with customers and HQ colleagues etc.', 'BTW for the owner, one "efficient" means of controlling people was to sound out customers and play them off against employees in a ruthless staged way, completely wearing you out as he would set you up NEVER to win, they WANTED to exhaust you (needless to say that the same denunciation culture perfectly worked inside the company as well). So the team wouldn´t support me. But also HQ wouldn´t. And neither would my boss (surprise!) on whatever project or daily work I had to tackle. Imagine this with goals that were three times as high as your predecessor´s and that you were fixed on those early when joining and having insufficient information (I pointed out they were impossibly high but whatever!). Plus no training AT ALL: everything I learned in this company from day 1, IT, industry workings or internal processes I taught myself by putting in extra hours. For more than a year (!!!) I worked double shifts (thousands of hours...). But even better: I also found out that the sexually harassed girl wouldn´t help, because (surprise!) she was actually PART of the game...', 'When after a year a new boss arrived I was thrilled. He was sympathetic, gave me hope, relieved me from this excessive revenue budget. For exactly 2 weeks. Then, unnoticed by naive me, he sounded me out, did the love-bombing thing (which I confronted very early but soon turned into heavy sexual harassment), had my team undermined and set up against me, constantly gave contradictory assignments, used different information for me and others, piled up work on my shoulders (fewer staff, more work, tighter deadlines, confusing or withheld information), exhausted and demoted me to the extreme etc. By the time I realised that he was the "evil enemy" though, my team and senior management were already on his side and game over. I was so exhausted that I could only FUNCTION, barely think. I was an independent successful person and he simply couldn´t stand it. I was also easy prey as I had been so easily been fixed to these excessive revenue goals which I had proved being unrealistic right from the start. So in the end they called it underperformance. Good for me though that I had mirrored and thus copies of every single file and email I had ever written in this company so I could press charges.', 'Interesting to point out, that already briefly afterwards staff were being sent to "courses", were completely terrified by a surveillance and denunciation culture that became more and more established with email, internet and phone usage being monitored. This felt like big brother more than once... The Wikipedia information on "mind control" might help you in addition to bullying resources to understand this... :o)
I was happy, after graduating from college, to obtain a job at a nursing home as a Social Worker.  Since childhood I have volunteered with the elderly (my mother was a cook at both a nursing home for 16 years) and have had long term friendships with several senior citizens.  I did not think of elderly people as grandparent types to either be coddled or treated condescendingly; I treated them with the same respect, consideration and good humor I would give to any contemporary.  ', "At first my direct supervisor seemed friendly; apparently religious, but other people's personal faith is their own business.  The trouble seemed to start after I stopped going out to eat with my coworkers -- I went once with them to be friendly and polite, but I tend not go out to eat during the work week; I prefer to save my restaurant going for weekends, both for health and financial reasons. At my prior jobs I usually took a walk on my lunch break; no one had ever taken issue with this.  My supervisor approached me, asking why I didn't want to go out to eat with them. I explained that I was saving as much income as I could, as I had student loans to pay off.  I also explained that I enjoyed exercise; I love to walk out in the fresh air. She made no further comment and I thought that was the end of it.", 'Within a two week period, she made complaints to me about my appearance.  She said my knee length skirts were too short, that my tops were too tight.  I was shocked -- I have actually always been self conscious about my chest size, and I always wear loose tops that cover my chest, never showing cleavage or being skintight on either my chest or my torso.  She said my long hair was "unprofessional" and that I needed to braid it or tie it back.  I was upset about her claims, but said nothing.  I started wearing long dresses (even in July heat) and braiding my hair. Apparently that wasn\'t enough to satisfy her. I once wore an ankle length dress with very nice dress sandals (not flip flops) in 98 degree weather and she complained that I was to wear pantyhose at all times.  ', 'She then brought up my unpaid half an hour lunch break.  She stated that I could not leave the building on my unpaid lunch break.  At this point I was upset, but held my calm and replied that I was aware that my state\'s law did not allow companies to force people to stay on the job premises during an unpaid break. In hindsight, I\'m surprised that she didn\'t try to fire me then for insubordination or some ilk.  Instead she became flustered, then stated I had to ask her permission every time I left the building for my unpaid lunch break.  Keep in mind that my coworkers could leave on their breaks without permission, I never was gone for longer than my break allowed, that I had never called in sick to work or in any other way had been derelict in my work.  One of my coworkers stayed friendly with me (although I made it a point to never complain about my boss or the job) but I soon discovered that the Social Worker staff was having meetings, without my presence, without my supervisor ever letting me know that a meeting was scheduled.  By not participating in the "lunch clique" somehow I warranted being ostracized and harassed for petty reasons.  ', "I stayed because I was young, had bills to pay and I thought that my good work would eventually win out and that she would stop harassing me (what was I thinking?)  The end finally came when my lunch break came up, I called her office to get her permission to leave, was unable to reach her, but left a message with her secretary that I was leaving the building.  The next day, this unpleasant person fired me by claiming I had not received her express permission to leave the premises on my break.  I wasn't allowed to explain myself; I was told to leave immediately and I did.  It taught me a valuable lesson about workplace bullying and that a company that allows such behavior to go unchecked should expect a great amount of turnover.  However, I was fortunate enough to find another position within a few weeks, a job that I greatly enjoyed for 8 years and where my work was valued rather than ignored.
I worked for an elected official, several in fact for many years. My former boss was very nice personable man. He was also ineffective, a boss in name only; a figurehead that has delegated away his power. He didn’t know many of his own policies. He put his faith in what his administrators told him. Employees reported feeling disenfranchised and alienated.', 'My former boss has been disconnected from the needs of our taxpayers for a long time. I have seen the word "autopilot" used in reference to my former boss\'s approach. He did indeed have things on autopilot with one particular administrator and her posse in charge.', 'She has made a lot of enemies due to her treatment of others. I have observed the administrator’s tacit approval and in many cases, active participation in what can only be described as workplace mobbing. I have read that one of the side-effects of this type of prolonged treatment is post-traumatic-stress-disorder and is frequently misdiagnosed. This type of treatment is costly in terms of usage of sick time (for anxiety, insomnia, headaches, depression, substance abuse, etc.), apathetic and dysfunctional workers as well as the turnover associated with this administration.', 'I have also observed an air of desperation from colleagues because they have no recourse. Who are they going to complain to? They need their jobs. They stay as long as they can. Many do not leave with good feelings for this department. This is not good business. During the primary election, my former boss publicly claimed that there weren\'t any morale issues. He told the public he has an open-door policy and has never heard a single complaint. The problem with this is there is also a policy in place that requires going up the chain of command before taking advantage of his "open door policy". Nobody in their right mind would have done this as the issue would have been given back to the offending party to deal with.', "The turnover associated with this department is unreal. It appeared to me and others that the objective was to take a person's pride and this was usually accomplished because of the target's systematic isolation and victim's integrity and loyalty to the department.", "These behaviors are hard to prove. I had even thought about carrying a pocket recorder. I have seen many abuses of power, large and small. Out of fear of retaliation, I have kept my mouth shut. This administrator has had complete power for so long that she is completely corrupted. She doesn't have to conduct herself in a reasonable manner as she answers to no one. She has caused a lot of problems for her staff, past and present.", 'This administrator’s demeanor can be cold, disinterested, with a flat affect. She will give eye contact to everyone in her vicinity except the person who has fallen out of favor. She has often denied giving instructions to her supervisors if negative results are obtained. She has disciplined officers for following these same instructions. She is very often unavailable due to personal business. She disciplines for behavior that she herself indulges in. She would "hold court" with her favorites while the rest of us were hard at work. I was told by an employee in the "inner circle" that from the beginning of this administrators reign I "never had a chance".', "This administrator arranged it to where many times I had to work unreasonable hours, double shifts, or 16 hour days. She would withhold vital information from me resulting in reprimands when things went wrong as a result. I have seen her avoid or even run from employees and the public if she found them distasteful or didn't want to deal with them. She left a written reprimand for me in a common area in an unsealed intra office mailer. Anyone could have read it and probably did. Normally our supervisors would sit down with the employee and go over the reprimand face to face. However, I was working late hours at that time and she did not want to have a late meeting with me nor did she schedule a face to face meeting at her convenience. I know for a fact she would given me a reprimand for doing what she did.", "I could go on and on. I loved my job and sometimes yearn to go back and restore my reputation. However, I believe I suffer from PTSD. I cannot bear to even drive by my former place of work. I've had panic attacks the few times I've run into this lady. Even though I resigned in 2002, I still grieve and just can't seem to get over it. I have been unable to even try to work again due to trust issues.
I rented a chair at a hair salon and was there for a total of 4 months before I was able to find another salon in the same area (to keep the clientelle that i had spent 13 years building) that I could move to.', 'During those 4 months I was referred to as "that F****n B****h" and pulled into the parking lot and threatened with physical harm... repeatedly yelled and cursed at - even in front of clients - told that "I was lucky as a fat girl that I found a guy to marry me, never mind a guy as good looking as my husband and that I didn\'t deserve him." Also he was too hot and she would convince him to go home with her for the weekend and I shouldn\'t mind...', 'Then my dad came for a haircut and she actually sidled her whole body up and down his back and said "ooh I just love a man with an accent"... she would phone my home at 7am and be intoxicated and yell and curse at me... she would be waiting at work... still drunk first thing in the morning... she said she was going to kick me out and was rude to my clients... she would tell other associates that I was trying to steal clients from them and accused me of taking them from her, which is completely untrue.', "Anyway I can't recall every little incident... so I left her salon and then she sued me for the balance of the chair rental and told the judge that i was making everything up!!!!!", 'Unfortunately this whole situation has continued on for a year now and instead of getting away from my bully I still have the stress and anxiety of dealing with this court case... sucks!!!!!
Our company had a casual worker, who was okay to work with, but after she was offered the manager job she changed personality. She did not ask me how I did my job, what procedures I followed, how I did my filing, nothing.', 'I have been employed as finance for total of 12 years with good audit reports, and good work ethics and am dependable and can work independently which I have done over the years, and rarely took holidays or sick.', 'This manager, managed to tell lies about me and previous board, that everything was screwed up, messed up.', 'She got board to give her part of my duties, took signing away from me, dug around in my office when I was out sick, and came to me with her notes that she found wrong in my office, and then she wanted me to sign it and I asked her why and what is she going to use it for and I refused to sign it.', "I also defended myself with her fault findings, she also tried to make me sign annual goals sheet that she made up without me. Unrealistic goals and time settings for me to do my work by certain times, and also duties that were taken away were included in it. I didn't sign it, I refused. Told her I had job description already, also other staff members were not given this goal setting and she told me they were spoken to, but she lied about this, they never heard of this goal sheet.", "She got mad that I didn't sign and pouted and left for the day, she also accused me for dump truck not running, that I wouldn't file with her sister, I had told her I wasn't ready until data entry is done, then I will file.", "She told board I wouldn't take direction on this, she gave my filing to her sister who is the lands manager without my consent, read my body language in negative way, blamed me for accounting not set up on time, said I never gave all information when I did. She said I went against direction when I only wrote a memo asking for clarification on new procedures for payables etc, suspended me cause I didn't get her office moved when she was out of town even though I told her reason and that someone else said he will take care of it. Sent all my financial out of town to be done by someone else, even after I started to data enter, lied to board about me and that my filing is all screwed up, messed up.", 'Took duties away from me, locked up all files that were kept by me for years, information that I asked her to leave alone that the board always asked for they came to me, took all my student files, all payroll files gave to her sister, who took it apart and created one file from 8 years of files, without my consent or knowledge.', 'Tried to say I argued with them when I only disagreed with them when they called my work down, she found faults in everything that I did.', "She doesn't seem to like it that I can do my job and I have vast knowledge of workplace and people come to me or phone me all the time, she even took my chair out of my office and said that I don't need people in my office...", 'Is this being bullied... is she normal?
I have two co-workers who are like night and day. The are both older than I am. I really like working with them but the emotional strain is becoming difficult. On one hand they go out of their way to be nice to me. The threw me a wonderful birthday party weeks after my original birthday. (It was late because I was trying to conceal it and I thought once I got past the date, I would be fine.) They put together a fabulous survival kit for a trip my family took to see my mother in law and other various family members in my husbands family.', "They sound great don't they. Like any office co-workers anyone would love to have. However, their is a very dark and evil side. The same people who were responsible for the above are also responsible for stealing TO DO lists from my desk. They mock my organized ways. I am ridiculed almost daily.", 'These two have also stolen stickers that we use at my work. They even got into my desk and took my secret stash that I had pre-torn for myself to use. Now I am such a nice person that I tore my coworkers a stack too, so that they may benefit from my organized ways. Nevertheless, I was able to overcome this thievery by utilizing my secret, secret stash of stickers. They continue to mock me and leave ransom notes in my mailbox. The ransom notes state that I am not able to speak to my bosses about this.', 'These kind of mind games have taken a toll on me. The emotional rollercoaster is too much to bear. They scare me and I am afraid what may come next if they are not stopped. This weekend, I have purchased candy for them as a peace offering. I have been told that often the abusee in a relationship will buy gifts as a way to smooth things over even when they are not at fault.', 'Please offer any tips or suggestions. It would be greatly appreciative. (If I had their pictures, I would post it with this so that others may stay away from them and escape the emotional turmoil of trying to be their friends and work along side them.
I wonder if anyone out there can help me, I started work a few months ago in a school as a teaching assistant although I have done this work in another school, that closed for ten years.', 'I have tried to become part of the group but they make it clear that they do not want me there, they are all chatting together but when I appear the talking stops, I turned around on Friday to find one of them standing behind me gesturing about me and mouthing to six others in the group, I was so upset I never went back Friday afternoon. I called in to work to say I was sick three hours later my manager called to see why I was not in. I was still very upset on the phone. When I got home I was throwing up and having like a bad panic attack, I felt like I could not breath.', "There has been many incidents like this since I started there a few months ago. I really don't understand why they do not like me, and why they are doing this. I am a single parent so really need to be able to go in to work on Monday but have no idea how I am going to to be able to do it, as I feel such a fool blubbering on the phone to my manager. I feel so weak and pathetic and wish I had not said anything at all. Even now I still feel so unwell and nauseous.", 'The only thing my manager said was that some people can be intimidated by intelligence and this is not right, and I expect to see you in work on Monday morning, after I had been there a few weeks I was requested by the head of school to support an intensive computer course that was going on in the school after this happened it got worse. I do not know why. I am always say good morning to everyone when I arrive and ask how everyone is etc, I can not believe how awful this is making me feel.', 'Any advice would be gratefully received.', 'Thank you
I have been working in two different stores here, and I can't believe how bad the issue is. I have been called names, on the sales floor by others, taunted, then when I leave and give my notice and go to another place, the same thing happens.", "It never used to be this bad, although there had been gossip, but never anything this unprofessional. Now I am not working, and I don't intend to work in the current city we are in. I believe some of it was caused by my ability to be successful in sales, and others don't like it, so they bully you out of the store, and or other stores.", "I went to HR both times, and they tried to stop it, but it wouldn't stop. Horrible nightmare, wouldn't ever want to experience this again.", 'I also was stalked by some of these people which is totally against the law, I finally have a picture phone, and if it happens again, I will take their picture, and file a police report.', "I haven't ever had this happen to me to this extreme, this has just been going on in the last 3-4 years. I would also advise anyone else that is going through the same thing, documentation is very important, and going to HR may or may not help. If you can talk to a pastor or a counselor that would also be advisable, but don't talk to any other person at that particular workplace because it would only make matters worse.", 'I have thought about suing both companies for creating a hostile work environment, but you have to have the right people on your side to take this to the legal authorities.', "Anyways, that's what happened to me. My husband has a great job, thank God, otherwise I would be hurting.
First, thank you for this helpful website. It has helped me cope and understand the insidiousness of bullying/mobbing, which I personally was a target of for four years, until I decided to recently resign.', 'After resigning, many things immediately happened, it was like a huge weight was lifted off my back and I felt free again, even though I forfeited a paycheck. My mental and physical well being are more important than that.', 'No one should have to endure constant abuse at work from another, which I might add was subtlely sanctioned by management, and very hard if not difficult to prove, I think that is what is so disgusting about bullying, it is almost impossible to prove, at least in my case.', "At first I didn't know what was happening to me, I thought that I was imagining the way I felt and that in time all should fit into place, well, I should have trusted my original instincts, because they are usually correct, but I didn't, I am the type of person who accepts people for who they are and I respect their beliefs, even if mine are different from theirs, isn't that what life is all about, having differences and respecting others for who they are, not what they are...", 'What I came to understand very quickly is that one can be different as long as you are like them.', 'Once one is targeted, one basically has two choices, try to deal with the bullying while trying to perform your job, or, resign, as I did.', 'Once I realized the reality of my situation, and after the initial shock, I began to do all the things employee representatives tell you, "keep records", "talk to your supervisor", "document everything and keep a paper trail"...', "Looking back on that day-to-day work life, I can tell you that that type of life was not for me, I mean, if all we do all day at our jobs is to cover our behinds, then I don't want it.", 'Life is way to short and way to precious to give into these second-handing hypocrites, that are basically afraid of difference and competence.', 'Once I made the decision to resign I began to see things much more clearly, and how the system functions. I must say the decision to resign was one of the most stressful decisions I have ever made professionally, but for me, it was the right decision. I tried talking about my situation with freinds and family, but it was always the same, "have you spoken with HR" "why don\'t you tell your supervisor ?"  "is it really that bad ?"', 'If one has never experienced bullying, then it is almost impossible to express to someone who has not had the experience, the feelings and the stress associated with the constant abuse and attacks.', 'You think you must be going crazy and that there is something fundamentally wrong with you.', 'You feel very alone, and after awhile you feel it must be your fault.', 'Because, when you do seek internal help, nothing happens, only that it must be you that has created the problem, not the others.', 'To this day I am still amazed at the blind eye that is turned when "bullying" is mentioned, out of sight out of mind mentality.', 'For me the bullying/mobbing was unbearable, it affected my entire life not only my work life. ', 'I am happy to say I am on the long road to recovery, but the sad thing is, the next target/victim is already in their sights.', 'Why is it that there are some people who feel the need to control others ?', 'I believe that bullies are basically empty and unhappy people who derive pleasure in others pain.', 'Martha Stouts book, "The Sociopath Next Door" is excellent reading and may be helpful and useful in dealing with bullies, I found it so.', 'Be true to yourself.', 'Thank you
In July of 2007 I was hired in a Sales role with a U.S.-based company in Toronto and in September of 2007 I started working for them. For the first 3 months all reps that started with me at the same time were involved in a full-time training program, so we did not actually start working on the floor until January of 2008.', 'What was initially promised to us during the interviews for the position and the initial months of training, however, was very far from the reality we experienced when we actually started selling on the floor. The Sales Managers and Trainers were painting a picture of “easy life” of a Sales person, with huge income potential and lots of perks.', 'However, in reality the whole company structure turned out to be very “pyramidic”, i.e. only a handful of people who stayed at the company for 3+ years have access to large accounts. Less than 10 Sales people out of 250+ over there at that location actually make commissions and enjoy perks. The rest of the newbies are merely a “pipeline” for creating business for them and, when the new guys discover the reality, get discouraged and quit – the accounts they develop are coded by Sales Managers to the handful of veterans, thus adding to their wealth and prosperity and helping the company to keep their “Success Myth” going.', 'I was actually shocked at some methods that the Sales Managers implemented in the organization, in order to strengthen the discipline and improve performance.', 'One of them was making the employees do push-ups as a punishment and put money in the “pool” for the future company parties. I was one of the few folks who refused to do push-ups because the very thought of implementing the elements of “army routine” into a corporate culture was totally alien and very humiliating to me.', 'When I was 3 minutes late one day for the training and was challenged to do the push-ups by the Sales Manager, I walked out of the room instead and then had a private meeting with him explaining the problem that I saw with that type of punishment. I also had to explain to him that he had no right to put up gay pictures as screensavers on employees’ monitors if they happened to forget to lock their screens before stepping out. On one hand, it offended gay people in the company. On another hand, it was encouraging employees to play similar jokes to one another.', 'Fortunately, that particular Sales Manager was very responsive to my suggestions and made sure that push-ups and gay jokes stopped completely after I and several other Sales people talked to him. However, I have no knowledge of what happened to the money that went into the “Party Pool” and how it was used later on.', 'Even during the initial 3-months training I found out that the role of a Sales person was not described objectively in the job contract. In that company, we were expected to do way more than what regular Sales guys usually do in other companies. See for yourself: in addition to making at least 80 phone calls a day, spending 3 hours on the phone with customers and sending out 10 quotes, every Sales person is expected to do Customer Service and prospecting, ordering products and dealing with Credit issues, processing Credit Card payments and Purchase Orders, trouble-shooting the delivery issues, participating in “Lunch and Learns” and other training sessions, talking to vendors who are doing the “floor walks” and scheduling and taking part in conference calls with various Technical Specialists and Clients.', 'By April of 2008 I felt so overwhelmed, exhausted and stressed out that I collapsed right at my desk and was taken away to the Hospital. My doctor said that the fact that I passed out was caused by stress and dehydration at work. It took me 2 weeks to recover and get back to my duties after that incident.', 'One of the reps on our Team was recently challenged by our Sales Manager that he would not be able to close the deal by a certain time and was foolish enough to accept the challenge. Not surprisingly, the deal did not go through and the rep had to take a punishment from the Manager who publicly painted his finger nails in pink, with the laughs and cheering of the gathered crowd. As I remember, she even dropped some nail polish on one of her red shoes, but persisted in her execution.  I did not want to have any part of it, so I spent my time talking on the phone with one of my customers. ', 'At the end of May I received an email from the Sales Director, who said that I was one inch close to being put in a so-called “Coaching and Councelling Program”. In simple terms, the person who is being “coached” is supposed to meet 2 criteria out of 3, such as 1) number of calls, 2) time on the phone and 3) items shipped for 3 months in a row. At the end of 3rd month the rep is either receiving a final warning and being fired or gets out of the program and continues working.', 'In June and July I had meetings with both Sales Manager and Director, who kept pressurizing me into selling at “zero” margin and shipping everything for free, just to push products out through the door, based on the fact that I was in the coaching program! ', 'Another astonishing revelation that one of my co-workers and I made was that the “Landing Price”, i.e. the actual cost of company’s goods and services purchased from Distribution listed in our database turned out to be far from the actual cost after all – the company was still making up to $300 or more at times on the products, however the reps were literally robbed of their commission due to various “scare tactics” of the management.', 'The “Car-Wash” challenge was the last drop in the bucket after which my patience ran out. In order to boost the Team’s dwindling performance and become number one team in the company once again, the Sales Manager suggested that the management would pair up the reps with each other, and a more junior rep would have to “Beg, Borrow or Bribe” more senior rep, in order to make them win. The losers of that competition were expected to wash cars of the winners – in public!', 'No one actually agreed to that challenge, but everyone was scared to lose. ', 'During the contest, I was asked to team up with a very seasoned rep who has been with a company for 3 years. But even with him, I could only achieve 40% of the goal, while he ended up at 70% of his.', 'During the final meeting the Sales Director announced the winners and then he announced the 4 losers who were going to wash his truck (???), due to the fact that one of the winner’s cars was apparently unavailable, in a company parking lot after work in the week to follow. ', 'The Sales Manager concluded that she would gladly provide the time and the water for the event, and the “Car-Washers” would be expected to provide themselves and the soap.', 'As soon as the meeting was over, I rushed home and wrote Resignation letter. Yes, I was furious, as in 15 years of my Sales career I have never felt so insulted and so badly humiliated in front of my team mates as during that meeting.', 'I could barely sleep that night and I resigned early the next day. In my resignation letter I stated the following, ', '“I am leaving my position due to the fact that I disagree with offensive practices proliferating at this branch and the bullying tactics of the management of this location.', 'At this point you leave me no choice but to resign and file an official complaint against your actions.” ', 'So, I will not be washing cars next week and I refused to do an “Exit Interview” with the company because I don’t believe it helps change anything. My self-esteem is still hurt, but I don’t have to live in fear anymore.', 'However, my concern goes beyond just my self-esteem. There are 3 more members who are left on the team who will be going through public humiliation washing management’s cars next week. One of these people is a pregnant woman.
I started working at a test engineering facility several months ago. I got along with everyone really well except for two girls. We were all assistants and there were only four females total among a workplace full of men. Starting my first week there, I got nasty emails, glares, eyerolls, and other lovely behaviors from the two girls. They were actually girlfriends, I found out, and for some reason they were working in the same department even though couples are supposed to be separated. Well, apparently that wasn't the only thing they got away with.", 'I reported their behavior with our contracting company along with the one other woman who was there. They had also been harassing her and plotting to get her fired, which I had heard them say during my first week. The manager with the temp agency was very sympathetic and agreed that their behavior was unprofessional and uncalled for. She agreed to talk to the manager.', 'The next day she came back and said that our manager told us that we\'re all temps, and if we don\'t like something, then we\'re free to leave. He also said that while there\'s fights sometimes, we\'re one "big happy family" at the end of the day.', 'Their behavior continued to alternate between condescending and ignoring, and when I would ask them for help with something, which my boss told me I should do, they would ignore me or tell me to go look elsewhere. As time went on, some of the other managers absolutely loved my work, and I came to find out that they were working against me with MY manager. Eventually, they framed the other woman there, accusing her of various things that were completely untrue, and she was fired.', "Soon after that, I put in my two weeks because I had found a better job. However, I didn't stay because one of the girls sent me this nasty email basically stating that she saw a blog I had written, on my PRIVATE Myspace no less, and had forwarded what I said about her to our manager. I found out that soon after I started, they had made a fake account to spy on me. So, I just left there, because if my manager refused to do anything about harassment, and now stalking, there was no reason to finish out my two weeks. ", "In situations like that, I think leaving is really the only option available. My manager had no backbone and let the assistants run the place, in fact, choosing who would be hired and doing underhanded things to make the people they didn't like leave or get fired. He also told my supervisor that in choosing another assistant, he should choose someone who gets along with the girls over someone who is intelligent or skilled. ", "Suffice it to say, I'm very, very glad I didn't spend one more day there.
After my divorce I left Colorado and lived temporarily in Texas near my mother where I worked at JCPenney. I soon became the target of three young hairstylists.', 'I kept being polite to them but they were telling the Manager I picked fights with them when she was away. I was reprimanded even though I had witnesses to the contrary.', 'I was sprayed with a water-bottle by one stylist and I playfully sprayed her back whereby I was reprimanded for that.', 'Several women told me that the young girls were jealous of my 12yrs experience and the "daring" to charge higher prices. $45/haircut in CO but, lowered my price to the high end of JCPenney\'s $20-$25/haircut in Texas. ', 'Then one day the Manager came and asked me into a room with a female police officer. I was told to sign a paper to resign or be fired and asked to empty out my chair/desk. 11 women stood with me outside and waited for my Mother to pick me up. They said they were trying to show solidarity for what they thought was unfair mistreatment. I was very appreciative for their friendship and support. ', 'Then, it happened again in Illinois after I returned to college at SIUC but that is another story.
I am an English/photography teacher at a rural community college. I want to start here by noting that I have been a consistently high-performing employee with excellent student and supervisory reviews.', 'Three years ago, my husband was diagnosed with stage IV cancer and was told he had six months to live. Thank God, his series of treatments have been effective and his cancer is in remission.', 'Almost immediately after finding out about my situation, my department chair began excluding me from departmental events by making sure I never found out about them. I came to work twice during that year to find out that she and the other art teacher were holding student art shows on those days. It was humiliating to be so publicly excluded. She started purposely holding department meetings at a time when I and another teacher she disliked could not attend. On several occasions she made ridiculing comments about me to other department members as I left a room. ', 'She also began sharing my e-mails with other department members who mocked the content of the complaints I made. She started having her boyfriend (also a college employee) call my home late at night when they were both drunk. He would leave rambling messages on my answering machine, and I could hear her cackling in the background.', "She took away extra classes I had always taught in time to coincide with my husband no longer being able to work. Additionally, the college where I teach is an hour away from the town where I live. There is a campus in the town where I live, and many of the teachers who make the same commute that I do had been allowed to work several days a week on that campus. During my husband's treatment, my supervisor decreed that only I would no longer be allowed to work locally. I was (and still am) forced to drive to the rural campus five days a week during his chemotherapy.", 'At this point, I cracked and made a complaint to one of the deans. The college told me they could see nothing wrong her behavior, and that I needed to see how I could get along with her better. They gave her my letter of complaint as they told me this.', 'In the time since then, she has finagled to have her best "friend" made co-chair. These two women and one other teacher they favor are among the least popular teachers in the school. One of them is so loathed that Facebook had to take down a very nasty student discussion of what an awful person she is. ', 'The chairs have moved on to other victims, though they still put plenty of effort into making me miserable. They have just gotten the best teacher in our department fired by lying about her. They are now working on firing another teacher who has just been through a divorce, has sole custody of three children and gets no child support. This teacher, who also lives an hour from the school, is now being forced by these two evil women to teach four night classes. In contrast, when a male teacher who works in another department was going through a divorce, his workload was lightened and he was only required to drive to the rural campus two days a week.', 'The victims have been desperately trying to find other jobs, but the market is difficult.', 'I just requested a meeting with the dean again to attempt to reason with him regarding their "supervision." He agreed at first, then later said he would only meet with me when they were present. Great.', 'This only touches on the major events and issues and does not delve into the daily degradations several department members are forced to endure.', 'All comments and suggestions would be welcomed!
My Bully experience came from a variety of people. From the LPN who thought she was the DON, the MDS coordinator, and the Administrator. I had never received a bad evaluation in the 9 years I had worked in this nursing home. I was told over and over by the previous DON that she wished she could clone me. In fact she recommended me for the position when she was taking a new position. ', 'My first year as DON was a dream come true. I loved my job. The residents, their families, and the staff told me they were so glad that I was there. ', "Then my nightmare began. BH we will call her came back from maternity leave, and all the lies started. I went from being a very confident hard working nurse, enjoying every aspect of my job to someone who didn't want to go in to work. I dreaded it everyday.", 'This BH would be seen in the Administrators office, and the next thing I know I\'m called into her office, and being accused of things that I supposedly did or said. All of them were either taken completely out of context of what was going on when I said/did them, or were out and out lies -- never happened. The Administrator wouldn\'t even let me talk. She said that I could not talk to the staff without telling her everything I was going to say. How can a person be a DON if they can\'t even talk to the staff. If I would write someone up, it got ripped up. If I didn\'t write someone up, then I got in trouble for not doing it. I terminated someone as they were a "no-call, no-show for 3 days, and the Administrator told me I couldn\'t do that. But, then someone who was a "no-call/no-show one time, she fired them on the spot. Only because they were not one of BH\'s cronies.', "The Administrator, BH, and the MDS Coordinator would meet, and when I came around they would laugh and tell me they were in a private meeting, and It wasn't any of my buisness. I was supposed to cut hours because of budget cuts, but I couldn't touch BH or the MDS Coordinators hours. I was like, what -- how can I cut any more nursing hours when there is only 1 nurse on the floor each shift. So if I were to cut nurses on the floor there would not be a nurse on duty. I was like we should cut office nurses, and BH and the MDS coordinator refused to work the floor.", 'I was told I was stupid everyday, but it was the MDS coordinator and BH who had never changed a suprapubic catherter or a peg feeding tube, and when I said that I would teach them, the Administrator informed me that I made them feel stupid. It\'s like -- they were the ones that said they didn\'t know how to do it. All I wanted to do was show them. I wanted to say "Well if the shoe fits -- wear it."
The accountant at our small company that I have worked at for about 3 years was friendly to me at first, but now finds it necessary to make references to my "stupidity" or "dumb" actions.  Often times in front of other co-workers. She doesn\'t do this to anyone else that I know of; however, she often times makes comments about other select co-workers abilities. She has power issues; she is very good at her job, but obviously has issues in relating to others.', "Fortunately, I have a strong personality and am confident in my abilities. I really have had enough though, and am going to tactfully tell her to back off or I will file an official complaint.  Don't know if it will do any good, but it should send a message to her that she is not going to continue the abuse and get satisfaction any longer!
I work in the office of a manufacturer in the Midwest. I have a deep phobia regarding snakes, I get physically ill when I see one. My co-workers know this and yet they think it is funny to constantly bring black snakes into my office. I only have one door, so escape is futile. Please help me figure out what to do before I end up in the hospital with a heart attack.
I was hired as a consultant where I currently was for a year before I became an employee on Oct. 21, 2001, the manager at the time was very pleased with my work. The same day I was hired I was victim of what is called 'bait and switch' whereby I was involuntarily 'transferred' from the position I was hired in to another department where there were problems already with three women, one of them was already about to sue the company because of the other two. Actually I was 'switched' with this one lady who had a lot of tenure in the company and wanted a resolution to her problem, so they gave her my position and I got hers, which was a senior level job, but with my salary. ", ' ', "Unbeknownst to me, the grade I was hired in was higher than the other two ladies', so they became vindictive after my first month of employment. A new manager for that department was hired and that is where they took advantage. There was a lot of bad treatment, a lot of stress, and a lot of false claims about my work performance, and many 'warnings' and threats to get me fired for frivolous stuff. But most of their warnings and false claims were by email, which was their big mistake. I went thru the internal process and the company did not do much about it but to tell me that I was the one making things up. My previous manager said he would support me but not internally since he did not 'want to lose his pension over an employee who was having problems with the company'. I filed with the NY State Division of Human Rights and the case was closed after claiming 'insufficient evidence', despite my documentation and emails to support my claim. The company in turn a month after my case closed, had my previous manager in charge of both his area and the area I was in. Just like that.", ' ', 'Two months after, it got worse. The complaints escalated, but I was smart enough to prove otherwise, plus my manager saw thru them (work wise) and warned them not to cause a hostile working environment. That is when they started a smear campaign with their network of friends and even most of our peers. Even the lady I was switched with, who was well aware of the whole thing because of what happened to her did not care much. I suffered (and still do suffer) isolation from people who once were communicating and were afterwards shunning me. The attacks got very personal; and according to the person who testified and confided me, they bought special surveillance equipment, and got the NYPD involved, as well as they had obtained a court order to do so based on claims that I still do not know, but since this person did not agree with the whole thing, that was why he told me all of this. They made false claims that have not yet been proven, according to this person who confided to me. This person also said that if I mention his name he would deny it. So I am back to square one, unless this person is playing the game with them and is trying to mess with my mind or something...I would not know until I find out for sure. ', ' ', "So far I have been doing my own investigation but I still cannot prove tangible evidence, all I have is documentation and writings from me that matches some pieces of the puzzle but not all, based on what this group of people already brag about, say and do in the office, as well as the way they act toward me and the things they said to me, which constitutes harassment but the company still has not resolved that. The company calls it a 'personality conflict' now. People think I am weird, conflictive, and claim I am losing it and that I am going crazy, they even have called me worse names than that. The more they say and do, the more I document. That is all I can do for now, until I get a copy of those videos or something...", ' ', 'I have consulted lawyers, private investigators, countersurveillance experts, and they all claim that I need tangible proof that they have been taking surveillance videos of my life at home, which I have yet to figure out. All I know is that during working hours they comment about what I do on my house and things only my husband and I would talk about at home (I live TWO states away!). I have tested this by saying something about someone at work the night before and the day after they would comment and I would know because they also make the mistake of not being subtle. My husband does not believe that it is true unless I obtain evidence. The NYPD expert in another district even suggested I buy a small hidden camera to document it all, but I do not yet have enough money for that, I am saving as much as I can. In the meantime I still have to figure out what to do. Just recently I started to just dismiss them and go on working, which my manager and senior management praise every day but still no promotion or nothing, while these people get promoted every two years or so. I am just waiting for the day I can find a better job somewhere else, but if the surveillance claims are true, then I cannot yet leave until I find out how are they invading my privacy. ', "It's a big dilemma. But it's been a while since I heard from someone wanting to know about my case. This has been going on for six years now (going on seven) and I am still standing...hoping to see my redemption come. Despite the threats, harassment in the street, at work at home because people now see me and say 'Oh, I saw you on CCTV', 'you are so and so', they sneer and laugh, and call me names; same thing at work, while commuting, and it is even trying to affect my life at home and my family. But the part that hurts me the most is their denial, their hipocrisy, and how they say and do get 'friendly' on your face and then stab you in the back. That is disgusting, crazy behavior that they try to pin on me and you (are they kidding or what!? They must be CRAZY!!)", 'It is the scariest thing you can possibly imagine someone going thru, and I live it everyday in New York City. But I vowed to fight on, and to take advantage of this situation...And I am still standing, with a job that pays my bills until I change careers and become independent. :) Nothing can bring me down now, if I can make it in NYC, I can make it anywhere, and so can you!!', 'May this be an inspiration to others so that they too can find the strength to fight on and move on - you can either take the high road and stand on your ground, or not take the high road and stand on your ground...what else is left to do? The only thing left to do is to CHOOSE your outcome, I have chosen mine and you can choose yours. ', "Whether you are from New York or not, don't get punked...one way or the other - TAKE ACTION! I am confident that the results of my research and hard labor will give its true results someday, and so will yours if you start because it is never too late. And remember...living the good life is the BEST revenge you can have. I am looking forward to my redemption because I have chosen to do something about it the way I know how. This gives me a sense of sanity and puts things in perspective about the whole situation. The abuse comes from them. THEY ARE THE PROBLEM, NOT YOU!!", 'Just remember, you are not lazy, you are not crazy, and you are not alone. Thank God for that!', 'Appreciate your time and consideration.
“Bullying in the workplace is usually seen as acts or verbal comments that could mentally hurt or isolate someone. Sometimes, bullying can involve negative physical contact as well. Bullying usually involves repeated incidents or a pattern of behaviour that is intended to intimidate, offend, degrade or humiliate a particular person or group of people.”', 'I wish I had this information upfront when I started my work at a Calgary non-profit organization in 1998. It would have made life a lot less complicated had I known what to look for early on.', 'However, I was innocent and naïve as I entered the world of business, having spent all my life, to that point, in schools and universities, working in education where you are trained and mentored to aspire to the highest level of respect and honour for your students and colleagues.', 'At this organization, there had been a culture of bullying as set by my boss. To me, it was like going back to the 50’s where the boss ruled and everyone else cowered. I spent most of my time trying to figure out what made my boss tick? Had this person absolutely no compassion? In our office we had a new hire, who happened to begin the new job on the day of the birth of his first child. There were complications and the new hire did not show for two days, although he had called to say that his wife was in hospital…. well the fuming and fussing that went on about the missing of the two days was very surprising to me! And he was docked two day’s pay…nice start! From there, it just got worse until the boss became ill and eventually left. I applied for her job because I thought I could do a good job! And I had the qualifications. I got the job and then “the fun” started. It is difficult to move from being “one of the staff” to being the boss but I knew this, addressed it with the staff and moved on, or so I thought. ', 'Two of my former colleagues let me know the first day that I would not be successful but they would support me! As time went on, some changes were made in the office (such as not noting the minute staff came and left the office…monitored by the administrative assistant) and it became a very respectful place where staff felt supported in their work, turnovers stopped and there was a level of satisfaction.', 'Little did I know that the Financial Officer, who did not want me in this position in the first place was manning a campaign and “enlisting” my staff to join ranks against me…I called it team A and team B…building a real sense of a team approach was impossible when half the staff was indoctrinated into “we are against her” position.', 'I noticed that, when we all went to a meetings and conferences, I was ostracized and ignored, which didn’t bother me as I had work to do in my office, came for the sessions and meals. I cherish my privacy and really was not interested in hanging out with this group anyhow.', 'The Team A and B situation continued the “divide and conquer” scenario but I initiated changes in how we did business, made and excelled goals and budget…all good. I sense that, whatever I did made no difference at all to the dissenters! However, I was very successful in my work and relationships with the industry and stake-holders. I am sure this infuriated the ring leader more than ever. ', 'The turning point came when I overheard a conversation where a person from another department, who was working on a project with us, was yelling at one of my staff “Are you lazy or just plain stupid”? I intervened and ended the conversation and reported the incident to my boss and her boss…big mistake…', 'I was accused of interfering where I shouldn’t and of creating poor inter-departmental relations. There was a meeting where we both were asked to attend. My boss and the CA (who bullied him as well) came ready to fire us…but, for whatever reason, this did not happen.', 'Then, the word was out and the writing on the wall. No matter what I did, it went nowhere. My sense was that my boss and the (CA) perpetrator were all just waiting for the right moment to let me go. Interwoven with the “silent treatment” I received from the perpetrator and her “team”, were all of the typical ways of bullying, undermining, withholding information, not answering e-mails, closing down projects, withholding funds…anything to make me appear inefficient and unproductive.', 'Finally, on the day I returned from vacation, I received an email to meet with the boss. I sense this was “it” and asked around…everyone lied!', 'I walked in and was told my services were no longer required due to re-organization, my buy out was presented to me and I was escorted out the door.', 'I was in disbelief…. just one hour earlier, I was in charge, now I was out the door…how humiliating was that! ', 'I felt humiliated, angry, sad (could not say good bye to my staff etc.) and confused. I found solace in my family and friends, and allowed myself six months to make sense of all this and start to heal. I researched Workplace Bullying, found NBFM and decided to see if there was interest in Calgary. ', 'I was fortunate, as I was not trying to build a career at this organization. I just wanted to explore what learning can look like in the workplace. Although going from a comfortable salary one day to nothing on the next day required a bit of money management, money was really not a worry. However, it would have been a different story had I been early in my career and if I was just starting to attain financial success. ', 'However, my involvement in addressing workplace bullying is just the beginning of trying to create ways that workers can be protected under the law as well as educating workers, management and the public so that others can be aware of what workplace bullying looks like, intervene for the bully and the bullied and make business and the health system aware of the financial and health costs of such bullying behaviour.', 'D
I just left my job, where I was the target of a bully for nearly 10 months. I took the job knowing that she may be a potential problem, but I was told by the manager who hired me in that if I had any problems, to just bring them to her and she would deal with the problem. At the time, this is how it was dealt with, and things were fine.', 'After two months, the manager who hired me in transferred to a different location, and the assistant manager took over as the new general manager. This new GM was flighty, high-strung, and "didn\'t have time" for "shenanigans". When the person I had replaced decided that he was going to come back to town (and thus, needed a job), the person who was bullying me upped her ante on me.', 'She would do things like get on her cell phone on the way out the door and say on the phone, within earshot of me, "I don\'t know why this fatass still has her job", or "I don\'t know why this ugly cow has a husband and not me". She would make snide remarks to me whenever I approached a situation differently. She would call me a "showoff" and a "suckup" whenever I would take care of a situation she could not fix herself. She made it very clear that if she was not the best, she would do anything to make sure you felt terrible about yourself in order to make her seem the best in the end.', 'She was also doing whatever she could to get the old guy his position back in the company. At one point, she tried to set me up, by going into my personal file and finding out what my pay rate was, then she went to our GM and told her that I was bragging about how much I made. This was blamed on me until I pointed out to my GM that she left the personnel file unlocked every night. She would also go through the GM\'s computer and files, and this would get blamed on me because "I knew computers". I never thought that my expertise and know-how would actually be a disadvantage in a job.', 'I took this to the manager on several occasions. I was told to "suck it up and deal with it". I was also told that I was not being harassed, and that I must be doing something to ask for this. I was told "well, at least she is nice to customers, so there is nothing that could be done". In the end, the blame was laid on me. I was told at one time that if I took this to the regional VP, that he would fire me.', 'In the end, I grew complacent, and the very notion of going in to work at night made me sick to my stomach. I would come in to work exactly on time so that I would not have to deal with her any longer than necessary. I stopped doing extra things for people so I would not be called names for it. My husband, who had done computer work for my job a few times, stopped doing things for them as well because she would do it to him, too. ', 'In the end, the bully won. I felt I had no other option but to leave my job. It was made clear to me that "if I was not happy, I was not wanted there". No suggestion to fix the problem was given; I was told to "suck it up and deal with it" on multiple occasions. I had a meeting with the manager and I was told that I was not being harassed, that my accusations were unwarranted, and she then tried to tell me that I wasn\'t doing my job properly anymore and the tables were turned on me. I had explained to her my reasoning for doing things but this was my fault, because I should have "sucked it up and dealt with it". ', 'I don\'t think there is anything I could have done to prevent this. Maybe I should have just "sucked it up and dealt with it", but that isn\'t something I should have to deal with on a daily basis. In the end, I wasted 10 months of my time, in my eyes. I can\'t get a good reference out of this job now, and to anyone on the outside looking in, it looks like it was my fault. How do you explain "harassment" for a reason of leaving a job? It always looks bad on the one being harassed. I wish there was a law in place to protect those of us who are honest and hard-working, who do not bully others to fulfill their own agenda, who like being with people instead of being jealous of them. Now I am jobless and looking for something new, and I am afraid for the coming months and what will happen with our financial situation.
Have worked for the organisation for 2 years and suffered from bullying. The perpetrator has formed a clique with the other members of the team to exclude me and talk about me behind my back.', 'My grievance has taken 14 weeks for the outcome to be advised that none of my allegations have been upheld and although I was initially offered a compromise agreement I am now being threatened with termination.', "Have been off sick for the duration and received no support from the company at all, no contact has been made by my manager, no referral to the OHS, etc, etc, etc. At my whit's end, help.
I started working as a counselor in February 2008. When I entered the job, I made friends quickly, I became very popular with the patients. In this type of field and my personality type we are experienced and naturally trained to be observant and analytical. I\'m the type of person that likes to deal with things ahead of time and not sweep things under the rug. In a short amount of time I started picking things up and I started getting praises from my colleagues. My work colleagues would make comments like, "Wow you\'re only 25 years old and you have achieved so much," or, "Thank you, when we call on you to help out, you just get up and do it without complaining, " or, "It\'s refreshing to see someone that is quiet and just get\'s their work done." I started getting praises from upper management. Everyone is telling me that I am mature for my age and I get things done and make things run more smoothly.', 'Well, there is this lady that I work with. She has past mental health issues (PTSD and ADHD) and drug addiction issues. She has overcome a lot and is currently working on her bachelor\'s degree. When I started working there I noticed that I never fully developed a relationship with her. I am a quiet person and maybe that is why I became a target. When looking back, I noticed that she started trying to compete with me. My boss asked me, "How far have you gone in your education." I told him that I was almost completed with my master\'s degree. Her office was next to mine and she heard everything and he came and asked her how many hour\'s she has completed towards her license because he was updating counseling levels chart. She stated, "I am currently working on my bachelor\'s degree and I have my associates degree." The boss told her, "I didn\'t ask you for your education I asked you how many state hours you have completed. We started working together on weekends and this lady has a history of snapping at people and talking down to them and coworkers have made complaints and she was getting written up a lot because of her behavior. She was snapping at me all weekend long, yelling at me, talking down to me, in front of patient\'s and coworkers. I told my supervisor and they wrote her up.', 'I tried to take the time to get to know her. I asked her about what she has overcome and gave her praise and I shared a little about myself so that I can get to know her and there will not be any wall up between us. During that time she stated that she envied me and that she envies girls like me the type of people that get all of their stuff together when they are young. After that day, she started to get quiet and when I enter a room coworkers would start staring at me.', "Then my coworkers started making sarcastic comments about my work performance and they started rolling their eyes at me when I said that I wanted to stay at work for the long haul. Another supervisor overheard them making sarcastic comments towards me and started calling me names. Gossip is fine and it's going to happen everywhere but the gossip was directed at me, to hurt me, and it was used isolate me because my coworkers stopped talking to me. The lady would make comments, saying things like I wasn't working like everyone else when I actually am working hard and doing my best.", 'Then the lady started snatching things out of my hand like clipboards and papers. This lady started acting out towards me which scares me. Everyone time she would do something her same old, rehearsed excuse was, "I am so sorry for my behavior, I have ADHD and I do things without thinking." This was her typical sorry for everything. I made a second complaint to my supervisor that the behaviors that she was directing towards me was abuse and it is something that I do not have to accept. Because of the profession that we work in I can turn her into the state and she could lose her license and the place that we work at she can lose their license because it is a training facility. ', "We told the the assistant director. The assistant director brought us in together to discuss what was going and she denied her behavior blaming it on her ADHD and she was crying and taking the victim's role. She said that she is not going to say that she is sorry because her ADHD made her do it. She stormed out of the room and said that she is putting in her resignation and I told her that I don't want her to quit but I want the behaviors to stop. She decided not to quit her job.", 'One of my coworker\'s told me, "You make me nervous, you told the supervisor, it was just gossip and I don\'t even like gossip, and now I\'m going to look for a different job, all because of... (my coworker\'s name)." She wanted to say me but she said the other ladies name. What these people fail to realize is that gossip is going to happen everywhere but when it is used to harm another person then that is when it becomes a problem.
My name is Gabriel, and I am from Argentina. I am working for a bank in Toronto in the IT department. Since I started working here,  I've been humiliated by the team leader of the team, along with one of the resources of the team.", 'Problem started because of my range. I have the same range as they have, and they did not accept that from the very beginning.', 'Team leader shouted at me in many opportunities for no reason. She embarrassed myself in front of my colleagues, and she said things like: "Gabriel is coming from a backward country." (I am from Argentina.)', '"I am looking for a new school for my daughter because the teacher is Jewish." (I am Jewish.)', 'After a year,  I talked to the manager. Nothing has really changed. Manager left the team, then I talked to the new manager. I am not working for that team anymore, but I am sitting the whole day doing nothing.', "Bank offered me to transfer myself to Luxembourg (Bank partner is in Luxembourg). If I don't accept, I'll get fired.
I hardly know where to start. I\'ve sunk so low I\'m not even sure I can remember a day I have not cried \'til I thought I would die from it. I often wish I would. I work for one of the "best places to work" in Canada and it\'s all a lie. It\'s as fake as the shiny sheen they put on their cute and folksey ads. We are a company of expert public relations liars. For the most part - cruel, passive aggressive, cliquey and vicious behaviour is the NORM. Our employee workplace ratings are in free fall - so now we are not going to survey staff every year, only every other (??) year - and we are going to rework the questions. ', 'Most people hide and tell lies (like me) to sound happy and try to stay under the radar. I have seen and continue to see others being bullied - but I\'m in such a state of hell it\'s all I can do to "keep my job" - which means - pay my mortgage.', "I have lost my self esteem and most of the fabric of my life around me - I'll be damed if I will loose my home as well.", 'I have won awards and have always functioned at a high level. I love my job and for about 5 - 7 years I was really good at it. Over the past 3 years that\'s all changed. Now when ever something is going to change I know - LONG before the "announcement" is made exactly how things will unfold. While others around me benefit - my world is eroded below me and I\'m publicly picked on. I\'ve been demoted - I still do the same work (and more of it) we just call it something else. Where I was respected and managed my own projects - now I am expected to do it for somebody else - they take the bow and get the kudos for my work. I don\'t own my work - I just "co-ordinate" on behalf of the pretty people - the good people, the wonderful people. ', 'I will soon be moved out of my workspace and into a dark corner of a passage to make space for a co-worker (who doesn\'t want to take my space but is being forced to) while an identical space is going to sit vacant for a year or more ... why? Why not? It\'s a nice way to add tension to my work life - force me to move (with all the disruption that goes with it) and try to force an unhappy relationship between me an a co-worker who I like and who currently likes me and feels bad about what\'s going on. Not bad enough though - as she admitted to me just on Friday - I have kids and a mortgage. I have to be "yes man".', "I'm going crazy and I'm so depressed. I don't know where to turn. I'm confused and broken and angry. I have not changed. I am still the same person and I work as hard - if not harder. Yet - I am continually set up to fail. My performance plan with my manager is a joke. When I asked for a meeting to discuss - she forced me to listen to her and another manager (also a bully) tell me that I was just too stupid to understand the scope of the work and probably (insinuated this) on the lazy side for not wanting to be the catch all for everything in the team. Why would I pass up the opportunity when I could do everybody's dirty work? Oh lucky, lucky me ...", 'Everyday new insults. I\'m excluded - laughed at - degraded and talked about behind my back - or in "code" and even openly picked on at social functions - which I no longer bother to attend. ', "Sorry - this is not much of a story - I'm confused and exhausted after yet another long night of sleeplessness - quiet tears and a burning tearing in my chest that feels like lava. ", 'Perhaps next time ...
I've been bullied for about 6 years. My little part time job requires me to clean public buildings, such as community, city hall, department of public works, police and fire departments. Where I have earned the trust of all but one… my bully is a senior police officer, a lieutenant at that.", "Who is going to listen to me, when you have a man of the law doing the tormenting? One website says to report it to the police… yeah right. Then prove it. And how do I commute around town with him after me? I can't leave my house.", "I've been embarrassed, humiliated, belittled, and scrutinized in front of many persons within the office. I’ve been screamed at in front of people for simply straightening a blind, touching a car key, stepping in or out a door wrong, opening a garage door, cleaning a sink area, making noise, accused of reading confidential information, asking for the required key release signature from him and him shoving the book back at me. I wax a floor and he deliberately drags his black boot across it to scuff it, he has even walked right through the middle of a room of wet wax deliberately. He’s urinated on the floor thinking I was going to have to clean it up. Constantly urinates on top of the urinal. I’ve been called stupid in front of a group of people, he's stalked me, driving past my house 5-6 times a shift… he’s even tried many times to have me fired for reasons I have never gotten to the bottom of.", 'He hasn’t accomplished his goal, therefore I remain his target of choice. Now he has gotten to where he is using the ‘mobbing’ technique using a corrupted PD secretary to assist him with his evil attempts.', 'His last attempt was so devastating, he pushed to places in my mind I have never been. I was about to snap. I finally found a website bullyonline.org that virtually saved my sanity, my life. Finally after loosing 25 pounds, suffering severe depression anxiety, post traumatic stress, can’t eat, can’t sleep, can’t think straight, family life suffering… I got some answers and I learned it’s him, not me after all. It changed my life to have it all spelled out in front of me, I wasn’t alone. It’s happens to other people. He is a true bully, and sorry to say a police officer in our small community.', "He bullies everyone around him to some degree. I've heard him swear revenge through the children of his victim. I've heard him laugh at persons situations. I've seen him ruin people for his own personal reasons. I've seen him open Good Fellow envelopes and say, oh this guy can afford to give more. What doesn’t help is the fact that his wife is on our city council and is almost a clone of his way of life.", 'What I have read is that ultimately it will be me that will totally fall victim, he will eventually prevail in his goal of being rid of me one way or another.', 'I still work in the same areas as him, I have to. However I was told he has received a warning from the Chief of Police, Mayor and the city attorney. He hasn’t spoken words to me in about a year, so maybe he really did. I certainly don’t initiate conversation with him. He acts like I’m not there.', "However, this is where the mobbing comes in, he now has tools he uses to get me. Last week I was actually accused of stealing urinal cakes! By a coworker, the secretary's sister the alternate cleaning person. I have my connections in the city hall, and found it was his secretary that emailed my boss telling him this and requesting I be fired. However, it was my boss that ordered them out of the building. I had the rest of them in transit to the main office. I disposed of them in the presence of the administrator and the chief of police for confirmation of the fact. It was almost a joke at that point, we actually laughed at the ill attempt.", 'So it goes on. I walk on eggshells everyday that I work there wondering what I will do next to start him up again, not that he ever quits targeting me. He hasn’t in 6 years. I have never spilled my guts like this, in fear of him finding out and catching humor off of it, or finding a way to use it to get me fired.', "Fired isn't something that will come from the city administrator, mayor or chief of police. They know me and the situation at hand.", "Heck, if I was to be fired I would hope it would be for something I did, rather than something I was accused of and not done. The police chief, in talking it over with him as he was retiring, says for me to come in and do my job to the best of my ability. And at the end of a day if I can say I did my job and earned my pay, I did what I was supposed to. He has learned there is no way to make 'that guy' happy, he never could either and he too always had problems with him as well and he's a miserable SOB.", 'My job isn’t my bread and butter. It’s close to home, what I like to do, it fills my day and gives me pocket money. I can’t see quitting the job, because then he succeeds. At the same time, I can hardly stand to be there. I’m in a spot that stresses me to the max and I just don’t know what to do. ', 'L
Bullying is a hallmark of the health care industry. I am a victim of bullying. I could not dream that nurses and main line health care staff could revert to all kinds of dirty tricks to discredit and hamper other nurses from obtaining employment.', 'Last year I briefly worked in an ICU, after obtaining an orientation. I notice that class room orientation differed from the real aspect of patient care. I could not do anything right according to my colleagues, everything I did they tried to browbeat me, a times they would even try to mislead me in order for me to be reprimanded. I decided that I needed the experience under my belt, and so I ignored them for almost a year.', 'I read a lot on procedures, and the art of working in an ICU in order for me to survive for a year. When my colleagues saw that it was not easy to trap me, they began to complain that I am selfish, that I do not help anyone, and went on to describe me as a schizophrenic. My colleagues would also spread malicious gossip about me, they went so far as to include aspects of my personal life, which I did not discuss with anyone. One morning I went to work and my supervisor approached me and told me that I would be the disaster nurse for the day, she told me to listen to the intercom for the code announcement, and report to the auditorium for briefing.', 'Half an hour later she called and said it was time for me to go for briefing, I told her I did not hear the code announced. She began to contradict me, telling me that my colleagues from the other two ICU were waiting on me. I half heartedly went down to the auditorium, only to discover that it was a lecture for new interns taking place, and no disaster preparedness was in progress. She took me away from two very sick patients in order to spread lies, that instead of performing my duty I was wandering.', 'When I went back to the unit she had a security guard waiting, that should in case I was angry with her, I would be restrained and taken to the psych. ward. I realise that this was done for me to get upset and so I ignored her.', 'Later that evening I told her that we are all adults, and asked her not to play games with me. Many more incidents occurred of which are too numerous to mention. The last incident involved norcotic that was used from the night before and was not accounted for, when I opened the pixis the no. 50 amp for a certain norcotic appeared when in fact I had only 48. I called the charge nurse who did nothing to resolve the issue, so I called the supervisor and explained to her what has occurred. The supervisor discovered that it was used on the night shift, but the person who counted the norcotic that morning swore that she counted 50 amp, and that I was the only person who went in after she counted.', 'If I had not called the supervisor I would be indicated as the person who took the norcotic.', 'Following that incident I gave the organization three months notice, and at the end of September I left with my dignity. I thought that I had suffered enough, but my suffering was just about to begin; everywhere I placed a job application I was blacklisted and labeled a schizophrenic. For the past six months I have not worked proper. I have a mortgage to pay as well as bills, I have to be living off my savings.', 'I can say thanks to my own nursing colleagues for my predicament, which is fuelled by the rumours they spread!
I work with someone who is a backstabber to all that know them. When I became new in this position one of my friends warned me about them and gave me advise on who to trust. Boy, was I grateful for her advise. She was right on the money.', 'Since I have learned what this person is like I now keep track of any work that I need their approval on and keep a little notebook with this information and go back and look at the information if I did not get a response for it. I keep track of emails and save them along with decisions they make in case it would come back to haunt me.', 'One time I caught them sending a nasty email to a director about myself and a coworker. They tried to deny it; but it came up on that directors email when we were doing a conference call and he had his email up and everyone could see it. I now just choose to ignore them except for issues I am forced to deal with. I will not talk to them about personal stuff or ask them questions because I know they use those questions against you by going to the boss and complaining even if it is a valid question.', 'It drives me crazy to work with people like this. I have at least found co-workers that I know are trustworthy and ditch the other two that I know are nothing but trouble.
I work in a large Aerospace firm in Germany. I am a US citizen. I have been employed with the firm for over 3 years, on the same project incident free.', 'For the last month, my life has been turned upside down, and not a single coworker can tell me why.', 'Usually, if there are issues or problems in our team of 15, we talk about it immediately to resolve the issue. From one moment on, its like they heard a juicy rumor, the usual coworkers I go to lunch with, will not associate with me. They make homosexual innuendos all day to me (I am not gay), seeing if I will crack. The supervisor has joined in on the innuendos also.', 'I had approached the bully, and asked why you are making innuendoes about me, and he had said, its only a joke. Of course now the coworkers have identified something which irritates me, and have intensified and broadened their harassment using multitudes of other coworkers to join in "the fun".', 'I have heard other innuendos that "I need to be taught a lesson", and "I need to be controlled". I have some ideas where the originator of the bullying is coming from, which is a  former colleague who works on a different project.', 'I have interest in changing to the same project, and will in June, but I believe this former colleague does not want me on his team. The former colleague I believe is a textbook example of a workplace bully, who requires an array of coworkers to use as puppets to do the dirty work, as he sits back and watches the show.', 'I believe there is a deep seeded resentment with this former work colleague that I had not joined his clique, due to my own choice of not wanting to be controlled.', "I am not cliquish, I don't join bullying groups, which I believe there are many in this large firm, Bullying is widespread and accepted in this firm.", 'How do I resolve this issue?
I was bullied by a manager for over 12 months. I made a formal complaint to the Local Government Ombudsman with regards to the way the City Council dealt with my Grievance and Appeal. I was informed that they were unable to investigate personnel matters. The Grievance was based on Bullying and Oppressive Behaviour the witness’ where not questioned on these matters. ', ' There are public policy issues beyond my individual dispute in the way in which the system is administered, the inability for a grievance to be addressed fairly and dispassionately, the need for the equivalent of an ombudsman to be able to investigate such contested cases.', 'There are 34 County Councils and 238 District Councils in England, 32 in Scotland and 22 in Wales. How many employees have been subjected to Bullying and Oppressive Behaviour by managers who have in effect dealt with the matters internally and reached the required result the council wishes to achieve. Local councils investigate there own complaints, which I feel is a conflict of interest. ', 'I feel this matter needs addressing and the way to achieve this is through Legislation in the House of Commons, by introducing a Local Government Bill, or Parliament to extend the powers of the Local Government Ombudsman to include personnel issues. Could you please ask your members to sign my petition?', 'http://petitions.pm.gov.uk/08Bullying/', "When you complete the petition - it will email you a link which you have to click to actually have your name added to the list. Please do remember to check your spam folder if your email doesn't appear and make sure your name is on the list!", '
I have experienced mobbing, left without notice and then was bullied on my next job. The mobbing happened when I was at a branch office. One of the main reasons I was chosen for that office was because the owner of the company who worked out of the company's main office wanted one mature person in this branch to keep an eye on the kids. I had just turned 50 and was in an office 20-25 year olds.", 'The problem was that I was not the manager of the office so unless I was to "tattle" I could not stop anything. They openly spoke about their sex lives, alcohol abuse etc. with each other and clients. I just did my work and did not try to prevent them from this. Even though I never said a word 5 out 6 of them start making things up about my work being done wrong. My work was fine and they just needed to make me feel uncomfortable.', "The straw that broke the camel's back was this. A client was at my desk and he could not hear very well. We needed some information regarding his insurance and I had called before his appointment and was told one thing and when he arrived he said he called from home and was told something else. At his request, I called the insurance company and had the call on speaker at kind of a high volume only because he wanted it louder so he could hear. The next day the office manager who was off at the time this happened came down on me for being unprofessional and violating the man's privacy etc. I told him that it was the client's idea and the manager just would not hear it.", "A few other things that were not even true got me in trouble over the next few months and always happened when he was off and a certain girl was working with me. So I put my suspicion to a test. I made an appointment for the hard of hearing man when I knew this girl would be working with me. She always wandered around eating when she was not busy so just when I knew she was in perfect earshot I told the man that I was called out over the speaker phone call. He immediately responded why? You did what I asked you to do for me. Then I said oh I don't know maybe someone is out to get me and I laughed. The client said that better not be happening because if you aren't here I will stop coming here. Well, the next day when the manager came in he starts telling me how unprofessional I was again and I should have never discussed internal business with a client. Bingo! That told me I was right as to who was tattling & lying. So I told him that I set her up and initiated that conversation for her benefit to prove to myself she was telling him things about me.", 'He did not even address that instead he told me how hard he had worked to build up this business and he would not let me ruin it. I asked him why he did not fire me - this by the way is taking place in the middle of the sales floor. (Very professional). His response was not quick enough for me I told him I would make it easy on him and this was my notice. I sat down at my desk and typed up the resignation and included a date that was 2 weeks from the day I was quitting and stated that I would gladly leave sooner. The next morning he calls me at home and says yeah I spoke with the owner and we feel it would not be a good thing if you came back. I shrieked with delight and never looked back.', 'It actually was not a problem getting another job at all. - Keeping it was.', 'The new place had the husband & wife owners in the office and an office manager. The manager made sure the place had a constantly swinging door he hired and fired all the time. Some quit because of his bullying but most of us just complained to each other about him and how he mistreated all of us.', 'Others began to notice what I was trying to deny in my head that he had seemed to really focus on me all of the sudden. If I would email him to get a date that I needed his reply would be soon. This went on & on.', 'In the meantime we got a new data base that had a lot of coding to produce different reports. Each specific department had to learn the codes that pertained to their jobs. Except I had to learn it all. I was happy to do so. I loved the job, the people I worked with everything except the manager. Trainers from the company the data base came from were in and out for months training each department. As a group we all helped each other if we saw someone made a mistake we would tell them it was truly team work.', "So after months of these rude emails I replied to one of his by telling him that I would no longer tolerate his unprofessional and uncivil behavior. The next day I was summonsed to his office he said he wanted to talk about the email and fired me. In our state you really can be fired without reason but I thought I'd politely ask and was told that the email made it clear to him that I was in over my head and I made too many mistakes and it had gotten too much of a burden to keep going behind me to correct them. Very calmly I told him I was shocked and thanked him for the opportunity and went home. I still don't know what mistakes he was referring to but I figured it was no use to fight his mind was made up.", "In writing this I now see that in the first case I behaved in a passive aggressive manner which did not work for me. But I still had my dignity. In the 2nd case I stood up for myself which felt great but that didn't work for me either. I really hope I am not a magnet.
I\'ve recently awoken to this problem because suddenly I have also become a victim of one of these forms of Psychological Harassment, more specifically "Workplace Mobbing". Coworkers and local management have been mobbing against me for more than one year. For example, once I had a colleague shouting loudly at me for more than half an hour about some work that was really well done and innovative. The manager never intervene to stop the harassment.', "Colleagues, when no one was looking, would do strange faces or even dance around. In the last few months, that wouldn't even matter anymore, they would do it no matter who would be present in the room since they all are bundled in the same group. All this is driven to try and make you look crazy to anyone you might tell the story to. After all, many people doing the same thing to you at the same time can't be true, right? No, unfortunately not.", 'I am a Foreigner National and I never experienced anything like this before. I didn\'t even know what the word "mobbing" really meant until very recently and, I do believe that this people is out to make my life miserable. The managers are the ones controlling the mobbing, and as such, finding work in a different place will be hard since other companies will eventually question them for references. I\'ve recently tried to seek for help from the upper levels of management from another office and although they have investigated it, no one from my office has, and as expected, spoke the truth about the case. Things were badly managed internally and done in an untimely manner.', 'The law (in US) is really weak and I have not found any place or independent institution that could help investigate the case. I think that a simple lie detector test and/or sworn statement could bring the truth out in most the of cases. ', 'Till the day I still do not know what has motivated these people to attack me in such manner... maybe because I was a easy victim to them, European, no connections in the area and first job in the USA.', 'Any help or suggestions would be appreciated.', 'Thanks,', '
When I got my now former job (June 2005) I thought I'd be happy. Everyone seemed cool, the job looked like something I'd enjoy, and my boss looked like a dream. I was one of the few women who were in the department, but didn't think much of that. My boss told my male coworkers to take me on field trips to other locations to get an idea about the place. I thought I would be training people at these locations and I was excited. The commute to the office was over an hour and a half while the field trips were only a half hour. This was fun.  I thought I hit the jackpot.  Wrong. My time to go in a field was short term.", "While this seems minor, it was the beginning of being lied to. After all, not many people do get the chance to go on field trips all the time. However, there was a bigger issue: I wasn't hired to be a trainer. I was hired to be an training assistant. Not what I was told on the interview. They told me I was hired to develop training programs on basic skills and computer, and train people. By the time I found this out, I had been there several months. Apparently everyone knew this but me.", "My coworkers started giving me menial work to do, such as counting pencils, stapling papers, etc. Another coworker started teaching the basic skills classes I thought I was going to teach. He didn't want to teach these, but they refused to let me do it. When I started to finally balk at doing these jobs (keep in mind these were the only jobs I was doing) some of my coworkers started being nasty. They started going out to lunch without inviting me (and mentioning it right in front of me). Started doing a lot of nasty things. This was November 2006, and luckily I had a place to go during a lunch break (Tower Records down the street was going out of business). Later on, they finally found out I was the victim and was lied to about the job. They apologized for being so mean.", ' The head of HR got her job from being the mistress of a politician. She had zero experience in it, so never knew how to deal with people. I thought when I started to have issues with my coworkers about the work, I\'d go talk to HR. The people in HR (all buddies of the politician) told me how worthless I was, how I should be happy I had a job (even though I had several offers when I took that one), how unimportant I am. When I questioned why a male coworker was making more (with less experience and education since he was 23), the response was "women wouldn\'t like his job". This wasn\'t the only time I had trouble with them. For about a year (from Dec 2005- until I got laid off) I was in the HR department at least once a week. Someone was making up stories about me. One person said I was wearing stiletto heels (never owned a pair), someone else said I was coming to work drunk (I never drink). I think it was the head of HR since I found out she only got her job through her lover.', 'By Spring of 2006 my coworkers were being nice to me, but HR still wasn\'t. One of the women in HR (who I like) told me that it was a plan to get rid of me because I was questioning the corruption and the sexism/racism. They started having me train someone in a field I hate (accounting).  When I found out the previous trainer made $20,000 more, I requested more money. Instead, my boss\' boss (who was fooling around with one of the head HR people) told me he wishes I would die. Told me I wasn\'t getting a raise because I was an "uppity" b*tch. Stupidly, I gave in because I was afraid of being unemployed.', "Needless to say I was let go. They decided to get rid of my boss (he was an alcoholic) my one coworker (fired him while he had a stroke). Since they needed to cut jobs, mine was one to be cut. Oddly, I'm so much happpier. I was miserable there. Constantly crying. A job isn't worth being miserable. Several of my coworkers (they were hired long after I started having problems) saw what I went through and they found jobs other places. Other people heard I got let go, and told me they envied me. Told me how they were told they were worthless. Informed me they all went through it. Women told me stories of sexism. Several coworkers told me I gave them the courage to speak up. If my being picked on by  bullies helps others speak up, it was all worth it.
Having worked previously in the Legal/Compliance Department for a large corporation in the private sector, I learned how far an employer can and will go to remove an employee or coerce them to quit. Also, my father owned an employment agency during my early employment years, and I was fired from about nine jobs in three years. He would always send to me to a new job and never once told me I had to put up with any mess. I’ve pretty much built up immunity to the threat of being fired.', "Recently, I worked as an Administrator in a large health care organization. My immediate supervisor was an equal opportunity abuser, so I didn't take it personal. However, she attempted to sabotage me on many occasions. On the eve of a deadline, she spent the entire day screaming at me at the top of her lungs in front of everyone. I met the deadline and earned the respect of some of my superiors and most of my peers and became the go to person for others when they were on the hot seat. I later learned that she was being abused by her superiors as one day she quit with no warning. Thanks to her attempts to tarnish my reputation, they turned their attention to me. I guess since she was gone, they wanted to get rid of me too. They wrote me up for all sorts of minutiae, none of it true. One of her supervisors in particular would stand in the middle of the floor and scream at the top of her lungs. (Luckily for me I was never there). Another would blatantly lie about some perceived insubordination. (I was there for that). Either way, I was not fazed.", 'I attempted to solve these situations diplomatically. My approaches to solve these difficult situations were rebuffed more than once. During one sit down, I was told that doing things the right way is not always acceptable. (Not kidding!) These were some really belligerent individuals.', "Another time, I was called into the screamer's office. She and the liar attempted to double-team me with verbal abuse and false accusations. I sat there quietly listening to the tirade and when all was said and done, they asked me if I wanted to respond. I replied no I didn’t, thanked them for their feedback and asked if they wanted me to close the door on my way out. The look on their faces was priceless. Two months later I was called in again. This time they gave me a nice severance package, a letter of recommendation and thanked me for my contributions to the department.", "I have previous experiences from years before dealing with workplace bullies who were trying to get me to quit. I finessed those as well and received severance packages in both cases. I've also worked as a temp/consultant for years in between permanent jobs, which you know makes you a bully magnet at all levels. I used to fight back (professionally of course) without ever having to report anyone. I can sense the weaknesses of these individuals. I was picked on briefly while growing up and became an unofficial advocate for the underdog. I’ve been successful more often than not in diffusing these toxic individuals, both personally and professionally. However, I'm not perfect. I've been known to blow up in the past, but I no longer take that approach as I believe it is counterproductive and accomplishes nothing.", 'These days I remain thoughtful and focused. I\'ve managed to take on some of the nastiest people in my experiences. I subscribe to the adage "Don\'t let anyone rent space in your head” and “I haven’t got time for the pain." Now I\'m like "If you don\'t want me, someone else will." I grew up in a large family of loud mouthed, argumentative people. Some of them don\'t like me either, so I\'m prepared and forearmed. I\'d like to see these people held accountable for their actions. It\'s disgusting. All some of us want to do is go to work, do a good job, get some praise, maybe a decent raise, and keep it moving. I\'d like to see some legislation passed to help correct this problem, but I know it\'s easier said than done. Thank God for these forums.', "I am currently working in the same building for another company. I welcome the moment when I run into these two bi---es. I don't think I'll do anything drastic, because I don't work for them anymore, but who knows?
I started my new job as contracts manager 2 1/2 years ago. My employer was quite impressed by my skills and eagerness to work and was awarded quarterly with award bonuses for almost 2 years in a row.', "The CEO had some difficulties with the bookkeeper's inexperience and we were growing steadfastly. Since I had 15+ years experience as a bookkeeper I recommended they hire a full time Comptroller/Accountant. My advice was heeded and a Comptroller was hired in Oct 2007.", 'The Comptroller was not happy with our accounting software and recommended a rather expensive and complex software that was contract driven. I was happy and relieved everything was moving along smoothly. The Comptroller took a shining to me and soon wanted me to be her right arm person.', 'I explained that although I had many years of accounting under my belt I was no longer interested in accounting and wished to stay in contracting. It was soon very clear to me that the Comptroller was not accepting my decision and convinced the CEO that I was to be pulled into the operations of the accounting software.', 'At the same time I started to notice the Comptroller had a Jekyll and Hyde personality such as verbal abuse; degradation towards me and other co-workers but conservative and professional in the presence of the executives. Soon, I and other co-workers literally experienced verbal abuse, and felt mentally beaten up.', 'I approached 2 board members and our HR manager to discuss the matter. At the same time I advised them that the operation of the accounting software and contracts management was too heavy a load and impractical for one person to handle as well as the fact that accounting did not belong mixed with contracts management.', 'They took several contracts off my hands and left me with the most difficult one that required the most data input into the accounting software. I was so inundated with data entry there was little time left for contract administration. I often had to walk out of an accounting meeting to attend a contract conference call. Estimates and evaluations were falling on the same period as our billing period. Last minute requests frequently come in from the customer and required a 24 hour turn around.', 'I again stated that it still remained cumbersome as well as the fact that the comptroller was not training me accurately on the software informing them there were times where she refused to advise how to complete a procedure and that she would handle it herself. My response was that if I were not properly versed on the procedure in the first place the same difficulty would continue over and over again.', 'During this time I was sent to various contracts conferences to which the Comptroller became jealous of and requested that she be allowed to come along as well. This worked the first 2 conferences and was stopped thereafter by the Exec. VP, stating the Comptroller had no business attending the conferences.', 'Shortly afterwards I noticed whenever I had to be out of the office the Comptroller made a rather large complaint that I would not be available for her reports; meeting; deadlines etc. Request for reports often surfaced the day before I was to depart for travel. (I guess you have the picture by now). ', 'The CEO called me into her office in February asking why I had changed since I first started with the company. I used to be so easy to work with. I confided my change in personality was the result of lack of/improper training from the Comptroller. I also advised her that I felt I was either being set up for failure by the Comptroller or her training abilities were rather poor. I frequently experience instances where the Comptroller expressed jealousy if someone was given a new laptop; software; etc. and not her.', "The CEO's response was that the Comptroller liked me and had nothing but good things to say about me. Shortly afterwards, Management no longer supported me. I felt isolated for the next 2 months. The difficulty continued until the first week of March and I was terminated. I felt totally bullied and very much the wounded victim.
Hello. I started working and for the first several months things were great. Good boss, great work reviews until the person training me started telling me how he felt about two of the managers. How he got injured and no one cared, or how his father was an abusive drunk.', 'Then things started to get worse a fellow worker is a Mason who approached me to be a possible member. That same week I got an email about me being an ass kissing Mason. I was not yet a member but later became one. It went from me being a child killer to sacrificing and eating them.', 'This lasted for about seven months, at this time I got two great reviews and two raises and an very positive feeling from our area manager and the highest utilization percentage this location ever had. This individual said we were friends but later he did not want to help me and that I was now on my own.', "A new manager for the shop started and he gave me a great review. But this was when he changed his tune, I got less work, less training and then three letters of how I better work harder, quicker and get my jobs done on time. How could I when I wasn't given enough work?", 'I enjoyed what is known as multi-tasking working on several jobs until each one is given the go ahead after my work needed list was submitted. There was never any idle time and I felt good about coming to work each day. Then I went from cleaning, driving and helping other people on their jobs my utilization went from 96% to 68% the lowest?', 'Seems that of over 75 jobs that I applied for only 4 have replied since Jan 08. My references except my last employer have been good. My new manager at this place had it in for me as well as another worker. I was setup forced out.', 'Everything in the mobbing part one I dealt with and my head after 6 months is still reeling. On top of this theft, having evidence planted and the fact that they are getting away with it and none of the potential employers will tell me this.', "A foreman asked to let him know if anything was missing. I gave him a list, now he's history as well as another mechanic and possibly the head of human resources????
I work in a health care facility, I am a male RN and supervise aides (majority being women). My concern is that the aides seem to have a problem with taking direction from me, they want to tell me what to do. I hear them out and usually go with what they say as I don't want to rock the boat and I want to be seen as a good staff -- not the coffee row gossip.", 'I have turned a new leaf, I am speaking out, protecting the good staff and correcting the bad. I want to feel good inside and yes I am reporting incidents to management and holding them accountable for leaving this go on for so many years. I plan on going further if need be -- not sure to who? Does anybody know? I plan on asking my union next, enough is enough. Thx to anybody who responds. AA
I am at present going through a very emotional and stressful time at work with my manager and senior staff  I\'m constantly having to watch my back. I can\'t relax. I\'m on edge. I find it difficult to concentrate. I\'m having difficulty with my sleep, and I find I\'m constantly going over what\'s happening at work in my head even when I\'m not there. I spend most of my time dreading going into work never knowing what to expect. My situation has been going on for years. I am always questioning what\'s happening and I find myself breaking down and I\'ve been accused of being "too sensitive".
I have recently survived a workplace bully. He was the manager of a group of 7 people, myself included. This was a group of people who loved what they did, thoroughly enjoyed working with each other, and did phenomenal work for the company. This manager took over when a previous boss left. His first use of verbal abuse and humiliation on me personally began at a section meeting about a month or two later. Others in the group had already endured bullying by that point. Four months after he took over as manager, he had made victims of every one of us many times over. He even tried to pit us against each other. All 7 of us remain good friends to this day, and more -- we are fellow survivors.', ' I went to the bully, to human resources, and to this bully\'s manager, and I tried to work it out in a reasonable fashion. This does not work. Companies always side with the managers. No amount of on-the-job strategy works with these bullies either. I was twice-victimized by retaliation as a result of "doing the right thing". HR et al did nothing about that either.', 'Finally, after a year of torture, when I was going to bed sobbing and dry heaving and waking up doing the same, my spouse\'s words finally got through to me: "You have one and only one true power as an employee. Use your feet and get your life back, then watch this jerk destroy himself." I found another job and my career is advancing beautifully again! I am thoroughly enjoying the new and exciting work I\'m doing.', "I was the first to leave. Three more left within the next 3 months. That's 4 out of 7. That's when the truth became unavoidably clear to this man's managers. The company asked the bully to leave. He now works somewhere else at a serious demotion level.", "1. Don't say anything at work -- don't put yourself at risk!", '2. Tell your family and friends immediately. Tell them how and why you need their support. They love you; they will be there for you.', "3. See the bully for what he/she is: an extremely insecure and inept control freak. They succeed when they make you scared; but if you see what they really are, you won't be scared anymore.", '4. Look for your next job. Prepare for this by determining where you want to go in your career and why a new job will get you there. Nobody will be able to question this!', '5. You will get that job. Trust me. It may take some time and there might be difficulties, but keep trying. This is where the support of your family and friends is critical, because they will give you strength and help you keep your sense of self-worth.', "1. The best talent often tries to resolve the problem and that doesn't work. You can't fix a bully and it is not your obligation to do so. It's the bully's and his/her employer's responsibility.", '2. Being top talent is the very reason why you should simply walk. Recognize your quality and worth! You deserve better than this. When talent leaves, it hurts the company. That is the only way companies listen and get the message.', '3. It reduces the opportunities for the bully to retaliate. It improves your chances to find another job.', "4. Getting out as soon as you've realized you've got a bully prevents further damage to your emotional and physical well-being. The bully's actions seem far more harmless and feeble when you've empowered yourself to move on!", '5. Your fellow talented colleagues will soon follow. Each person that transcends the bully and takes back their life gives that much more courage to those that remain.', "6. All this culminates in the bully's self-destruction. Don't waste your energy trying to fix the bully. Save your energy for yourself and your family.", 'We will not only survive, we will transcend!
This story took place about 20 years ago. I was working as a bus boy at a catering hall. It involved a fellow teenager named Gary who had a weird sense of humor, the eccentricities of which allowed me to attempt to ignore the bullying aspects. There was a tool which we used in the kitchen to extract butter from the large containers purchased by the catering hall. The tool happened to look very much as a device used to swat a fly (a plastic stick with a flap on the end.) I took it upon myself to comment "The first time I saw this, I thought it was a fly swatter."', 'After hearing this, Gary said to me "Come here." and then "Bend over."  After I unwittingly followed these instructions, Gary hit me on the head with a pan and then said "That\'s what people around here get for saying something stupid."  And I did not even retaliate to this asshole-like so-called rationalization.
Years ago I worked for a major health care provider in So. California. I worked in the admissions department and loved my job. The people I worked with were fun to be around and very helpful, including my supervisor.', 'After about a year and a half, I suddenly became ill and required open heart surgery to repair a mitral valve in my heart. When I left to have this procedure done, I was assured by the controller that I would have a job when I returned and for me not to worry.', 'When I returned after 8 weeks, I got myself re-oriented to my work again. Within a few days, my boss started calling me into her office and said I was making some mistakes and that I should be more careful. I noticed that my co-workers were a bit distant with me also. As time went on, this routine continued daily and I was ridiculed and brow-beaten continuously. I thought something was wrong with me so I started seeing a psychologist.  The heat was turned up on me and soon my co-workers were ignoring me, my boss was riding me harder and harder and my self-confidence went right out of the window.  ', 'During the next three months of being mobbed, my stress levels were through the roof, I was physically sick everyday before I went to work and I cried at the drop of the hat.  ', 'The day came when I was given the choice of going back on a 90 day probationary period or I could just leave right then and there. I chose to leave.  I could not take it anymore. ', 'What I learned almost a year later is that I was set up on purpose in order for me to leave.  They had no legal stand to fire me as it was, but if I went back on 90-days probation, they could fire me with no cause. I was not strong enough emotionally to fight for myself so leaving was the only option I could see. I learned later there was an unwritten policy that if someone presented to be a health care risk to the facility, the employee was to be gotten rid of at all costs. By the time I found this out, it was too late for me to take legal action as the statue of limitations was past due.  I found out also, that I did not make any of the mistakes I was accused of making.  ', "This experience created such deep seeded emotional problems that it took me years to overcome. I became housebound, couldn't work at all for years and was dependent upon my husband and children to take me places as I was so afraid I'd make a mistake.", 'It took me years to overcome these fears and I eventually started taking small steps to regain my confidence in working and going places. I now own my own business, have authored many articles on the subject of bullying in the workplace and am currently writing a book called "Alligators in the Water Cooler; Defining and Surviving Bullies in the Workplace", release date, November 2008. ', "I think it's important for those who are experiencing being bullied or mobbed to know that it's not their fault.  And believe it or not, it's not personal.  A bully bullies to fulfill his/her need for being in control or to make up for their own inadequacies.
